Are we going on our design workshops?
The agenda for today will be an introduction of our implementation partners.
And then we'll look at a quick project overview and our executive sponsor will have a few comments on that. Then we'll look quickly at our workshop workshop schedule for the week.
We're going to talk about decisions and how we're going to make them. This week will look at deliverables of what we want to accomplish this week and then any questions and comments.
OK, so for introductions, I'm actually going to turn it over first two are Forza team members. They'll walk through quick intro of themselves and then we'll go to our team came.
So Hannah Lori over to you. Thank you.
Well, I want to tell you something about first as well, so I don't know if you seen anything about them, but I'm I'm working for faults are and were consultancy company from the Netherlands we have.
Around 250 are probably around 300 customers and their worldwide's.
25 countries over the world's we have 50 plus consultants and were divided over 2 office locations, one in the Netherlands and one Bulgaria. Both are located in Europe.
Uh, what do we do? We do implementations of JD Edwards. We do integrations with other systems. We do upgrades, we move JD Edwards to the clouds. We provide trainings and we have a 24/7 support.
And we also have some apps we developed in the time being to save sometimes and JD Edwards. So we have an object change management automation's app we have for payables we have we have we have an app called Pac-Man for CNC kind of activities. Only make a new project.
We have a workflow app and we have scanman and that's what we're going to do here this time, so we have more apps, but I'm not going to discuss all over them and the self service one we have that here. Yeah OK, sorry. So yeah got some experience with it.
Right?
This is me.
An I'm uh, the project manager on your project I'm working for JD at four since 2018. Before that I've been working for cap Gemini for seven years as a center of excellence leads in Oracle products, and that's been the whole range of Oracle. And before that I've been working since 1999. So JD Edwards consultant.
And underneath you see some pictures of me in my personal life. I have chickens.
So it's on the right and then not sure if you're interested, but they are very beautiful.
And I have a beautiful get. She's in the middle. She's called Josephine.
And then and then you see a picture and that's me. And my brother and sister. And that's kind of all, and I'm not sure if you have it here, but we do it in February, which is almost there. So in another three weeks we have karneval and we sort of dress up, and it's not like the tropical parts in Brazil.
With us it's cold and we do it inside, but we have carnival and I like music, so that's a bit about me.
Q.
In your chickens are pets. Yes. Actually they are not for eating.
They are also not good in laying eggs. They actually cost a lot of foods, but they're beautiful and they're like this big.
Yeah, yeah.
Chicken Nugget.
And these actually they come two Washoe. And then they sit on your lap and you pet them. And I fell asleep. And yeah, I don't. I know it's ridiculous.
Well sometimes, but but now actually there were really time and we can either pick them up. And Yeah, but their outsides.
But not inside out there outside.
Thank you for that. OK, OK well I'm sure I've officially started working as Forza in 2019, but I did in the year before that I did my graduation thesis. There's researching scanman, that's why it little bit of background on the chair. I'm part of the new business unit that we have which is called Pfizer. It's kind of takes more broadly than JD Edwards, but more only requirements and such. So just I'll be focusing mostly on the analysis.
And Commodores more specialized in the Edwards parts.
But even there, I'll be able to provide some input on just processed level.
So I'm doing a work PhD combination. So the thing in the bottom right there is based on my scanman research which we send into the requirements engineering conference in South Korea, which was in September.
And that's where I presented that.
Yeah, I know on a personal level I do fully ball. We have a cat too so this is some overlap.
No chickens.
Yeah, I think that's about it.
We want to is this last slide. Yeah this is sorry James.
This is what we will do with the on this project, so we will go. We will start with the analyzer, so that's this week and then the next thing to do with the installation of the software. Then there will be some set up and then next steps will be training and after that you will be doing the testing and then the next step is going to production with it and that's like a nice flow to go with this.
Perfect yeah, go ahead. My name is James get see.
Here from Vancouver, I'm actually a consultant with ISP three, but ISP three recently acquired team came last year, so hence the.
Introduction if Rebecca I've worked with JD Edwards now for.
19 years.
First got introduced to it back in 2000 and then order the past 19 years. Probably worked in four different industries, but always with JD Edwards.
Telecom real estate management. Construction mining. So I've kind of seen the system in various industries and over the years best practices and so on and how you can use the system, both good and bad, unfortunately.
From a personal note, I had a cat.
Two kids at home that keep me busy and hopping. Love camping, the outdoors and all that sort of good stuff so.
My role on this project.
Through the acquisition of teen King team came always had the I guess the cell. The sales rates for Scanman. But just recently we've income implementation partner.
So my role in this project is certainly to help support and, but for me personally it's going to be more of an observation, observation, role as well. For me, this will be my first install with Scanman, so certainly looking forward to learning from the best rightist.
And uh, and support you guys in any way that I can certainly certainly from a JD standpoint, because that's my strength. But certainly and I have worked with scanman have seen it before.
Being working with another client down in Denver, we use the Scanman.
Hum.
First time I've ever seen it, but I've been working with it now for just under a year, so I have worked with it.
Troubleshooted it and you know, bang my head against the wall many night trying to figure it out but.
You know we got there. So and then there's also secure if you would just want to just a quick yes. He's not here, but yeah, so secure is our in-house CNC.
So since we are now going to be installing this software, certainly he's our technical representative for the system, so he will join in on our technical discussion for more.
OK, so we're not going to do introductions of the whole group. Most of the severe folks know each other. When we get to some of the smaller workshops will do intros, so our implementation partners understand everyone's role on the project. So I think that will come handy. You've met some of them already, but it will do more intros later if we miss you. Severe folks, please reach out to our 34 consultants and introduce yourself and.
I think that will.
A sister without make them feel welcome.
OK, so that's the introductions. So now we're just going to do a really quick project overview. This is coming directly from the charter which we've seen.
Flavors of this in the kick-off. We've since fine tuned it and make sure that we're getting exactly what what we.
Are hoping together our objectives are with this project, so Frank, our executive sponsor for this project is going to say a couple of words on this slide and.
Sort of guide the group or for this week, yeah?
Like to eat chickens so I'm not sure I have no pets. I have no peasant like I eat them as well.
To make sure that.
Engine.
I it's no surprise the purpose of this project is automate our accounts payable process.
That's a surprise to anybody then he's sorry we have been communicating effect.
But you know, we've been on this journey to to make our processes less manually focused and move to more automation of the processes Brian and his team is done a great job leading the business is somewhat by the nose to get us in a place to become more efficient, be able to lie on the technology tools that are out there and you know it. OK, I'm going account and to say that you know this is exciting is maybe a little bit dramatic, but for us I think it is a.
Is a significant step forward on our processes to try to get up automation in are processed in our processes. This project can be a real win for Sylvia. I think on the path to Automate and allow us to work smarter and another important part of this project which I know Rebecca is tired of me saying it and I'll continue to say it is that we look for ways to standardize on accounts, build process between our two business units.
North American in Australia. You know I have a philosophy that is payable. Should be pretty simple. Should be we should be able to do it the same, but I think there's a lot of opportunities for more funds from Australia. Their here to be able to learn from.
For the best practices and what they're doing, and then also us to learn and also teach some of the things that we're doing to come to a point where we do have a system of processes that are consistent across the globe. That's something that we're really trying to strive for for a lot of different reasons, but I think we all would agree that will be a heck of a lot more efficient and effective. We have same process across the global world of severe.
And the only thing I would add to that is that we imagine he's probably should be bold and underline and Alex.
Put in the background.
Just just because we did it before doesn't mean we need to do it again, and we certainly don't want to take two pieces of the process from Australia and add them to two pieces of process from North America about with four new pieces of a process we should bear go sacred cows. You should be looking for the most efficient process that gets us to where we need to go. So if we're doing something that seems superfluous.
Ask a question about whether or not we should be doing it tomorrow.
Do we really do that?
OK, 'cause I mean we need to do it and we look the auditors. We remove it as an audit requirement. If we can, let's do it.
I know it will have the auditors kind of working on the project with us, or at least internal audit work in the project is reviewing things with us so we can ask those questions. We can try to school by this process and no reason to continue doing things that maybe you have.
Perfect, and that's where our consultants will come in. We've got definitely the strength from the tool, so how can the tool help us with some of our processes and standardizing and automation? And then with the ISP team, Kane folks, there's definitely overlap with the tool, but then also the JD best practice. So if we're doing something and you know we're not sure of how to change it or what we can do, then we'll we'll have those discussions with that group, so.
OK, so moving into the workshop schedule so I did send this out to. I think everyone on this invite.
The afternoons mornings for Australia are quite heavy, so that's where we're going to try and get the bulk of the work done, but there will be some side sessions in the morning if you didn't receive an invitation to one of these sessions, but you're interested in coming, or you think you can add some value, please just let me know or pop down will be here in the red table room all week.
And we won't go through this in too much detail 'cause you will have it in your email, but you can just kind of go through it, and I've also included the agenda items. So what we're specifically going to cover in each session in the email attachment so it's not here 'cause it's too big, but I mean we're going to go through everything from the standard Forza topics such as you know, exception handling, and set up. And then we're also bringing in the Cevio topics that are the pieces that we want to look at standardizing.
So some things include like Po Doctypes and how we're going to do invoice approval for our vendors, so we've kind of married up both the Forza standard pieces and the severe pieces and we've put them in where we think they best fit, but I sent out a caveats in that email that we may jump around a little bit if the conversation is not really leaving somewhere, so we'll try our best to stick with this. How we have it laid out, but we do have a little bit of flexibility to get to where we need to go.
Um?
I've included a daily summary recap at 4:30 PM mountain standard. We will stop our session at that point and log into that Skype call so anyone that isn't able to come to the full day session.
You're welcome to join. That will do a quick recap of the date.
It's optional, so if you feel like you don't need to because you were in the sections then then you should be good to go so everything will be heavily documented from this week, so I will also publish.
Publish those notes.
As we go.
That would make it in the Daily Summer Rica.
The progress we made it will go on.
It I have, I guess we'll kind of see how it goes, but I don't anticipate decisions being made in that small session. It's just.
Right, so actually our next slide is how we're what we're going to do about decisions. We can have some conversation there, but that one really is because it's optional. I don't want people to feel like they have to come if they don't come there going to miss a decision. So it's just really to an attempt to keep everyone.
In the know, just because of our time zones are going to be, it's a challenge to get everyone together. So that's how we're trying to mitigate that risk.
The other thing I want to bring out is when we first kicked off this project, there was some talk about P to P, so procure to pay. So we started with a very broad scope of standardizing that process. But what we found throughout our planning phase is we're really going to focus on things that are material to AP automation, so that would that would include the the some of the Po Doctypes, the actual invoice processing where we drew the line is anything that was outside of that, like the requisition the payments.
The reporting is going to be out of scope.
Just so that we can keep our focus and get us to a go live date.
Sooner than later in Q2 is kind of what we're hoping to do so.
So if in the course of our workshop we do find something that is a pain point for Silvio, or we need to look at it, we're going to parking lot it and make sure that we come back to it at some point and decide does it belong in another project. A good example of that is the po doctypes for inventory transfer that Australia uses. It's a valid point, but it doesn't have material impact AP Automation 'cause they don't voucher it. So we're going to make sure that it's documented and looked at in a separate project or as part of another project.
So we will come back to all of those notes in parking lot at the end of the we can work with our consultants next week and also the Steering Committee on what we bring in what we leave out.
There.
OK, so decisions.
So the intent for this week is to make decisions on R2D process so the business analysts, in conjunction with the business, have spent the last three months working on our as is process, and it's been documented in the consultants have reviewed all of that.
So throughout the course of this week, we're going to be talking about what are two be process looks like. It won't be documented this week, but we will look at what that's going to look like, and we need to be fairly quick and making decisions on how things are going to go. So we've done a lot of prep work. We've had sessions on the standardization exercise, so everyone should be aware of what those topics are, especially if you're on the working project team or you're in the BI weekly meetings. And we've done a lot of prep work on that investigated. Why we do things the way we do in the background.
So what we're going to say up front is that if we can't make a decision this week.
We're going to assign it to a business number, and we're going to look for a decision within one week.
So that's are going to be our goal. We have a project steering committee meeting on Thursday of this week, so they're going to see the list of decisions made and decisions that are outstanding.
And that's just all in an attempt to keep moving forward. We've got consultants that are here and ready to work for us, and we want to get to that to be processes quickly as possible.
So any questions on on how or target of decision making?
Yes, sorry.
Doing more efficiency out of this project so we have an idea that the person tent of success we are trying to achieve. Like you want to be others that people some more.
Cortina
we did have some stats on the actual invoice processing that it's in the charter. I can chat with you. We did look at it. I think in the kick off so we can come back to that, but I think on the process side we want very very little deviation between the regions. So if were anything less than 100%, I think we would need to explain that to the project steering committee and it you know, it usually is about regulatory or government related reasons. So cool.
Processes and being faster.
It's not about being faster, it's about letting the tool processed the AP Invoice so.
The number of invoices that cannot go through the tool would be the exceptions, and those are the ones that we are trying to work through and make them work the idea.
I was hoping for 50.
I almost had 50 and then I thought 50%, but I think ultimately if we were 100% successful in this project we would reach maybe to 80%, but there still are going to be the invoices that from revenue Canada that will never be sent to us electronically because it's against their policies. IRS will not send us their invoices electronically. So the idea is to get Oliver invoices into our inbox electronically and have scanman processed those invoices through to AP.
And whatever invoice approval need to happen so that our AP people are dealing with just the exceptions that fallout and paying our vendors. Hopefully 80% by FT. So it's basically when there would be a paperless society but have as much of it as hands off as possible.
Overall efficiencies if you look at the fact that we we started probably if we move to processing service, invoices some other invoices today or purchasing purchase orders just to lose the approval process. You need to add over into AP automation that use that approval process. That's a significant amount of time on the admin side. I think the people that are creating purchase orders of supply chain is being involved. That's by a harder thing impacting like in terms of how efficient processes.
And then you got the other side of it, which is AP not having to touch it will get it to 50% of the invoices. If you're not having to touch that only review.
Reporting.
A large number of Kygo relating invoices that automatically processed through that would be a pretty neat.
And on the process, I'd current if I mean will target one week, but if for some reason someone leave, we can make a decision without them or their tide up with VA you like. Of course we will work around those things, but we just want to try and keep it moving forward so we don't want to push it out too long. You'll see on the next slide why.
Things to be made available to help make it hard to make 1.
Right, right?
Make sure that were available to make public those decisions.
Yeah, so the meeting at Thursday this week will be done the session so it'll be a good sort of list of what we've got on our plate and then will just.
Keep working through them and letting Frank and Brian know.
So the reason why we were targeting one week is just because we're we've got some deliverables that we're going to try and put out. So here's some of the target dates, so obviously this entire week these are the deliverables that we want to talk about. So the first one is Validating our ***** process and all. I mean by that is we've got our consultants here. They reviewed the work that we've done, but they may have some questions on why do you do it this way. Some more background information, so as we go through the week, they'll be validating what they have read.
And asking questions.
We will have a decisiones library documented, so that's something that I'm going to do. I'll be doing as we go through the sessions. This will include the decisions made and the decisions outstanding and will target have this all cleaned up by end of next week, so we'll have a good draft of it by the steering committee meeting on Thursday, but it will all be cleaned up by the end of next week.
The two be process will be discussed, so I don't expect this to be documented by the end of this week, but we should have a pretty clear idea of where we want to go, minus a few decisions if we haven't made them yet, so we will target to have that documented, though by the end of.
February 14th like that's another week after that.
And the reason for that is because our functional design document.
Should be signed of- about that time too, so we don't. Obviously those two things play into each other. We can't have a document signed off if we don't have our TV processes determined force that will not move on to the next phase of implementation and set up until we have that design document signed, which makes sense. So that's kind of.
No.
I thought about it.
Nope.
So that's kind of our target dates and we just sort of worked backwards on on. We're going to be shooting for things.
If we find up on Plex, a Valentine's Day, which is one of the deck for the present value, the textbooks. Do you have an idea? We did start doing some project planning earlier this morning. What I think will do is will share that a little bit later in the week, but at this point we're looking at for an angle live, 'cause that's what we're going to start with inmate. So that would mean that testing would be in April, sort of Aberdeen, April 8th.
Dish in there so after months.
The prior month would all be Forza working on the set up and technical side. We would be working on implementing our new process if things need to be changed, so so we will share that a little bit later this week. We just have a few more things to kind of workout, but.
This person scenario.
Yes, yeah, so the next? Sorry, what did you say again?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah so so. The invoices for Forza set up is something that we're going to talk about this week. We don't have to give it to them so just planning at this point. But as part of our contract Forza will set up 150 different invoices for us so that we're ready to go and provide training for how we manage that going forward when we get a new invoice tablet in so will need to start thinking about which 150. So is it?
Just as.
Half from Australia have from here and but there's something that will have to do or not, so that's what we'll start talking about this week and the test scenarios and test scripts.
Definitely would be looking to the business for the testing scenarios as you guys know your vendors and then we'll be looking at the VA's helping with the actual scripts of how we want to test and what that's going to look like so we don't need it at the end of this week, but we want to start getting prepared so that when the testing phase does come in April.
We're ready to go.
And we should have time to do that in February, March, while Forza is working on the technical side and the implementation and that set up that way, so it should workout really good.
We're hoping to get by the end of this week at go live date for now, so that's based on some project planning that will do first, and then we'll kind of share with the group and see what's feasible there, keeping in mind things like month end in quarter end, and then will also start looking at a tentative plan for a pack. So when.
And what will their implementation look like? Is it just as easy to do it all at once? It would be a great question. Or is it something that will look at in 2021 or just will be looking at some of that stuff? So that's part of the project management deliverables.
And we welcome come back to this on the rap up.
At the end of the week, just to see how we've done. If there's anything that has been is still outstanding.
Any questions, comments?
It is right?
Right on 2:30.
Fully, that's clear.
The week is going to look like.
OK OK, so will end this session and then those invited to the next session will. It will be a separate call, so if you say you can get comfortable, a few people should be leaving.
Get out.
It's too hot in here.
OK thanks everybody thanks.
Brian an jewel in London.
Hang on.
Question.
OK, awesome.
5 minutes.
And this and get on to the next one.
OK, thank you.
30
OK, so the question is just on.
Our reporting strategy. So what are we using right now for supply chain, a PPTP reporting and is that? Are we looking at in corda or?
Ali mentioned there was some insight reports, maybe like just kind of overall just so the consultants understand. What do we have for reporting and do we have a plan?
Is the picture of the post.
Hello.
Sorry this is this was not part of the. This was just a question.
I'm just going to get us going here and so isn't that the.
We think about the reporting in levels and I'm just speaking often opt in here. But the day today.
Very operational reporting by default would be delivered through JD yes and then if we step up a level. So let's call it day to day ad hoc where you're trying to slice and dice data and get exports out and stuff. That is is I think certainly important. It is a direction removing tools.
Then If so, there's probably a number of levels in a good volume of reporting that would want it that level, or in that category, and then if you go right up to the top. So if we're looking at.
Hum.
I wanna say financials which is which AP is certainly a part of. Then I think it starts to get a little bit more Gray where it flows into some of the Hyperion reporting that we do in the planning and and Whatnot. But but the vast majority of as you move further up in the in the height of reporting structure.
The vast majority will probably end up being border.
Yeah, it's like so. I would say that got the day-to-day reports that AP users, so if you're looking at remittance.
It was like that.
Gives you the form that would continue to be a report.
Remind me to ask the question of if it's two different reports because a pack likes to look at it differently than.
Lamb goes today. Could it just be one report?
Right?
Kind of speaks. It'll hold standardization, standardization.
That there looking at you guys out there.
I think if we're doing we want to be trend analysis and.
I don't know what I don't know what kind of what kind of reporting in terms of that kind of stuff you guys built into scanman. So right? How many? How many invoices are processing 100% through scanman without being touched by first? I don't know if that's available or if the details are there, but I've got it then build.
We don't have a little yeah, we don't have a lot of records.
That would likely be important.
Reports if I wanted to look at the trends of how successfully I move stuff into her from being mainly processed over into automating so. So what I'm hearing? Is it JD Edwards will continue to be sort of the data eight day today and adding on in Corda. We haven't started any supply chaining corner right? So that's in the future.
So what I'm hearing is, is we may need to actually sounds like there could be some reporting in scope for this project if we make changes to process, which at first blush wasn't there was reporting, was kind of after the fact, you know happened after AP automation, but if we make changes to our process, there could be some that comes in, so we may need to actually do a session on this in more detail. I thought it wasn't easy question, but I think I got the answer.
The one thing we can say for 100% certainty is it's not going to be insight. OK, well where is Ellie she said that spend analysis that we've done all the analysis on?
All has to get changed based on whether we're going to be doing. We do invoice approval right rather than P. Oh OK, and so all that you're saying is going to go on record, oh.
Spend analysis I would I would think spend analysis spending invoices whether it comes from po's or from invoice approval.
Yeah, I would think that would be it in quarter.
As opposed to writing a new gene average report, we have to create something new to satisfy the analysis needs, whatever that looks like, then that report should be written out of in court. I'm going to rely on you guys that nobody any better, but my thought on that would have been.
It's all the spenders in the GL detail.
And it may or may not link into the purchase order.
Spend details probably in the purchase order more than the GL or the current.
But we might have Morgan Television, but if you change where are stand is getting getting done.
Change.
Honestly.
So I think, well, this is our first deviation to the week. Will have to probably it towards the end. Come back just and have another hour on reporting if if not longer.
OK, so.
Good, thank you.
Cortana.
OK, so the next 2 hours.
We have slated for uhm.
A Forza provided topic which was the JD company structure and after discussing with Forza this morning, really what that is is more of a what's are what do we want? What's our plan? So we're pretty much covered that like we know what we're trying to accomplish and you know that we have two business units that were trying to go live so there's really not too much more on that that you need to know and I wanted to know where the invoices are, which companies and that's also part of the you know you got that from the surveys and the as is.
So they have seen the business surveys that you guys put all that work into. OK, so you've got what you needed there.
So I think what kind of makes sense is will get into then our first cevio standardization topic and we had thought about starting with one six and seven.
So the one was the Peo Doctype. Alignment six was the vendor analysis and looking at.
Do we continue doing pios if we don't have all the information up front? Or do we look at doing an invoice approval and what all the implications of that is?
And then the 7th one was just the question about blanket pose for utilities, so we'll see if we can kind of stay in that ballpark of topics.
What I have on the screen is just from our last standardization meeting.
Are we on music?
When you the whole time.
OK.
OK, thank you.
Right, so we started with.
This was our current setup. We had opiso twos that both regions used. Nam had an additional O3 and ON that were used in the 03 was the what we were calling the $0.00 PO.
And I think everyone was on the same page that we wanted to look at. Removing that one. What were some of the options on that? In Australia they had additional ones of OFOLOWNOH.
And we have already decided that OHNOW are out of scope for this project. They are primarily related to inventory and waste transfers. Never make it to voucher.
So they're not really part of AP automation, their part of inventory. So that's it's really producing a Journal entry at the end of the day. Yeah, really, that's all we're doing with that process.
So the OL O3O Twos.
You know, that's kind of where I want this conversation to go is which of them can we replace? Bite, invoice, approval, standard voucher and there has been a lot of work that the teams have done on vendor analysis and so like one thing I'll maybe look to some of our business folks on is where we add on that. Like how far did we get with.
Making a predetermination of you know, we're comfortable with these 1015, twenty 60, whatever it is, just being invoice approval 'cause I know we have some. Actually, you have it written down, so we should probably have a look at that.
Yeah, it's basically where we probably need to start. We need to make a decision on what we're doing with these old trees. If we're, if there's other ways to do it and why we have them. So I think some of them are related to waste.
What is it the weight of garbage, right? Well, no, OK these are.
Feels that.
Don't.
Have
no approval for them, so they're like almost like a massive dollar mountain.
It's for groceries. We put a grocery store there.
Paper OK, these awful things like that are currently on, but the opposite side of that is we have to get everyone of those invoices signed for audit. So there is an approval, but it's a manual approval so and exactly. Yeah so 03 need to be replaced with something automated.
It we can't continue down this route, we have our audit risk.
Yeah, definitely one that we need to get rid of. It just corrected that planet forwarding. Replace it with and that's the side.
Big thing about one of the things about 3:00. This is also that because it's for food and or propane or consumables, we put a lot of information on the P. Oh that we don't get until the invoice comes in. So things like the delivery date, the ticket number, if it's propane.
I can't hear you on the phone. You need to move closer.
The thing that we do with old threes is that we also put a lot of information that we don't typically get until after an invoice or a ticket has been received. So if it's for propane or water, we have a ticket number that we put into the description and or a delivery date.
Etc and so those are all keyed onto the description line. One of the P. Oh, so that it comes into the GL and it needs to be in the GL.
For if we are looking at cost for propane for this specific lodge, an were under or over how much we typically have for that month, they can look at all the tickets and search for a missing ticket number without having to go through rings and rings of paper.
Can you use subtopics for that?
No.
Sorry, can you use sometimes?
Some measure.
Yeah no.
Because as that goes into the jail.
I know, but you well, I suppose you could except.
Again, you don't get it until after the fact.
Like you put in the video and you don't have the information until after the fact. So if you did AP and then you put it in like if you created it just a normal IP and you put the information into the propane and then when you got your invoice you updated the pier with the subtype X and then hit ticket. Not Yeah same thing. Yeah it's after the fact right? Not not something that you can do when you are creating the purchase order.
But I think the first question we have to ask ourselves is if we're putting the information into the P. Oh after the fact.
And the purchase order is a contract for those services.
Why are we doing the peo?
Because you've already now.
Put out a contract for $1 or $0.00.
And then you start filling it in so we have the option here to look at some of those 03 is going to distant invoice approval which resolves our audit.
Be it flows through the automation with zero errors. There are exceptions and.
When it comes through to AP, this would be a change for them, but the ticket numbers could be added in to the AP voucher screen at that point in time and still get it in to the invoice or into the GL.
But I know from a reporting standpoint we may have to look at where are reporting comes from the fuel module or supply module, but doing and doing appeal when you've got the invoice in your hand.
Yeah.
Best practices blank slate.
We do have another option.
He would say I mean for public, for example, either monthly or quarterly broader field. For that we've already put in work to build reports that the work that they're doing. Right now they're putting all of the ticket information at the invoice information in the P. Oh, so we've done the work in the background to build a report that shows in the receiving tables we put that information and your account is entering. People can run the report to show all the data that they need to see, like they need to run through. Of course, if they still can say OK.
In January, I'm usually have 10 deliveries appropriate. I only have 6 some somethings wrong, so they'll still have that data, but will be able to cut, appealed and contact appointment before this vendors being spent.
And for the thing about weed, but it won't be an exception. Every time in Scanman. So there automation project doesn't work. Why would you be exceptionally if the receiving team has been updated with the receipt? Or what's we do seafood bars as well? Yeah, it would be received. So let me take a 3 way match.
So as long as that process works, an it can be fully automated through standard like that's the office option we're going for here, right? Is that invoice when it hits the.
The email pit box we're scanman going to pull it from as long as it can match 100% through the P. Oh and receiving document and not calories within the tolerance and not be cut.
You have a purchase order or receipt.
An invoice.
Do you get the invoiced? So that's not going to match through scanman well though 'cause you got, let's say for January, I gotta feel for $10,000 you would get them. And then when my ticket in my invoice commandments over happens, I was received whatever was delivered and draw down off like 10 Times Now I understand that fun, but it's not showing the invoice to the ticket.
The putting that information in the receiving document.
So.
And then you have to.
Um, if a $10,000 draw down. So if you only have $8000 a $2000, this goes away so that when the invoice comes in for $8000 at matches, or if it comes in through at $11,000, then we know we have a budget issue and they have to get reapproved greater than my budget folders. At least know when they're going over budget.
So.
Another thing we have to be concerned about and I don't know how many oh threes we do, but in the construction side of things they watched their commitments very heavily and if you don't have a P oh, you're not going to get a commitment.
And I think we have to isolate the construction piece. I mean that is a.
It's still available point, but maybe.
It's not the bulk of our ever invoices and the amount of sleep.
Construction jobs we have is considerably smaller than the AP businesses hole, but it's a valid point.
Remember, too, that required peo numbers for GFS before we order as reparative before we order for all of those good ones that are online. All of those require people over in order for us to place an order, right? And we don't use O3 for construction right now doing so. We're only talking about the old three documents, so that's how do we resolve that. And if your drawdown peels work if the information that the account is we can go into the receiving document. And as long as 100% of those will go through scanman without Internet.
Attention, then I think it's a solution we have to look at. So that's Gordon Foods and things like fuel. So yes, all the consumables, all the consumables, and So what? If they would they become that? Is that an opi or not?
That's that always. 3 way, yes.
Cancel.
That the invoice and goes to an approval through Scanman. What happens with all the information on the invoice? How does that get prepopulated into the system?
So like by how to breed invoice with 150 miles and items?
How can I, as a manager going look and say I know what items that I bought on that invoice website information? Or is it just a dollar figure? The manager who is approving those invoices have not so look much looking to see if I order potatoes and milk. They're looking to see if you ordered Alaskan Crab legs and prime rib. They're looking for the exceptions an if they do see prime rib on their they know that they have already authorized that the customers can have a prime rib dinner there. Not looking for your salt and pepper in yard.
Your mouth.
That information, so if I'm just doing invoices and using that example, I want to go back and see all the items that were purchased. Individual detailed line items that were purchased. Is there a way to extract that from Scanman if we're only using invoices for not just looked at any scenario so?
So we just populate line items.
On the invoice have a populated 130 lines.
You have a scan of the invoice. Also have the skin of the invoices.
Spell record of everything like an Excel report. You can export the lines to Excel document.
I wanted to go in as select supply chain and say I want to know how much ram had bought for the whole entire year. I'll be able to type in the number of run like my item, number of runs and it's Gonna give me airport to say I've used this kind of up to the whole entire year. How do you do it now and JD? Where which application do you know?
Darn you on the phone.
What do you mean by application left JD Edwards, yes, JD.
I'm not gonna put your invoice.
The email will be able to do in JD later.
From three different vendors and they describe it differently on the invoices, so one calls it around phone call. Does it say a backhand will become? Is there something else I had to manually remember every description from overload, find it or is it a sign like a party? It's against the invoice so the lines are separately scant?
Sorry, this load is going to explain hold on.
Yeah yeah you have the invoice and it scanned and then you see all the lines in JD Edwards. OK so then Brown Holy Comma. Same item number in JD Yeah Alright so we're going to get exactly the same and you match it either with your purchase order over to receive if there is no person then you have nothing.
And receipt.
Actually, if you don't have it OK, then OK then it's going.
With the Invoice, Scanman would populate the 150 lines from the invoice in JD.
Without PR, so if there's Nokia whatsoever, it's an invoice.
It'll be in JD different in your the same place it is now that the people populate synthesizer.
AP for 11.
Number.
With no part number and all these little description on the invoice.
Our grocery store.
Saving the item number for run for GFS Yeah.
You have.
For red table but not not for the lodges with that are on the 03 fields we don't have part numbers. For all the lodges.
I know that we discussed what do you do now? How does it look now right now it's like item so will say grocery produce, protein, dairy and paper. Everything is so we have the big invoice, that kind of all the detail in the switching, typing and then in our pose right currently will put just the sub categories of everything.
I said damn bro Michael.
Yeah, and we don't. We haven't heard items. Everything is over with an inventory number. Yeah, yeah.
You type it in and you're everywhere you look it up because the supplier doesn't provide it.
I'm.
It doesn't provide it for you.
Yeah so.
Control.
Still have.
Devices that we use to a folder generators together.
So all of that.
I just sold that and we all about.
Will be controlling possible?
People like Amanda Jason.
Exists.
We need to paraphrase up, yes?
The villages have access to catalog, right? So it's basically like what you guys do through GFS online portal, except we do it through JD so we don't go through an online portal. We create a purchase order by every single item that we purchase and then that goes to an approval which is the village manager. They go through and check the order will be happy with the order they press. Approve that then they send it off to the supplier that then is brought back and then it's matched up against the invoice to find out if there's any overspending. Elect overcharge from the supplier.
I say, for instance romping assistance $3, but on the invoices stendal is minutes question to supply chain. Supply chain says yes or no then that is corrected if it's needed to prep minutes receded and so that should 100% goes to Jen's teammate in AP and they match it up from a paper that they put about voucher through.
So my I guess, well, little sort of coming from is that we want to have a look from how much capacity we have for, you know, national buying.
How are we going to have that information?
Like how my gonna know that Trump Save Rump item number is 1234 that I have spent $1,000,000 on one 234.
Specific.
I will be going.
When we had our meetings with Diane and Danielle, we kind of came to the conclusion that we can't really just specified by doctypes. What we're going to put through this system. It has to be pilots a category to say, OK, we're going to provide all the government taxes that we don't need to be out of the chair and we don't even have things like telecom himself homes we use. It should have been repealed, and that's fine we can. We can break it down a little bit further.
Say OK, well site visit this way GFS at red tables. Is it this way GFS here? Does it this way? I think this is pretty two extra loop unit and there tuning levels so to try and remember. But we separated by category.
Can you show it to me in a system? Yeah, do we?
System yeah we do categorizer vendors know. Can you show it to me in the system how it looks?
I was going to say as long as there's a purchase order involved, yeah yeah, that's the key, right? Because?
For these ones.
So we wanted to know if there was a way and is that by using the straw down.
Receiver.
You get the detail here, 'cause otherwise we would continue doing the same thing were doing now is by putting in $0.00 and coming back to it after right, right? So the point here is the file. It solution for the 0 three is the go away. You still want them on appeal and you better drawdown.
And if we need to test that and make sure that that's going to work and it would be one of the things in our to be that needs to go through Scanman. But you all, I understand you wanting to categorize some absolutely and maybe throwing GFF out there was not the best one to look at, but it is one of the ones that.
Consumes the most time for us time, everything. Yeah, do you guys use your category codes in the item Ledger?
Oh, you should be oh so the answer is not sure.
Numbers, not one of them, and I do it, so I'm assuming and the other person is better at it.
OK, is there anything you want to see 'cause we can have someone show you something and JD Edwards?
There's a P. Oh I, I don't think you know from a system side JD or scanman like that's the key piece.
We also have our vendors. Well, sorry.
Probably 9.
Categorized, we have a category code Anna Sub Category Code for our vendors in your address book.
Both regions have that.
It is at the same table.
Yeah.
That was part of.
Yeah.
So do we have an answer? An old so on the? So let me just see if I've kind of got this right. So we've got oh threes in really North America only used for consumables so let's just say that right now, that's GFS, an fuel. I know there's probably more, but for those we won't continue to use the 03 and leave stuff blank in it instead will set up a drawdown peo.
And then we'll use the receiver tables 3 way match through.
Scanman and everything will flow. You'll have all the details that you need for according to do forecasting spend.
Would you say standard standard? All our reports would still work. We have automation.
We're happy with that, so I know we have Sean on the line. Have you engaged shawna? Which is her team? This is drawdown opi document types and so one of the impacts that we discussed with Sean on like we talked about this during solution.
Was that we would need to stretch probably 1.
Or maybe 2.
But at least one member to a receiver, because now all that data entry that you were doing impose be done and receipt able.
So we made more receivers then we would.
And we also need to engage the operations group because they would be needing to provide forecasts. So this is something that like I don't know. Three years ago I talked to Tom and he was he was agreeing with it, but we haven't gotten into make serious details about it so that that could be a something that we need to have a take away. Then if we're going to have a former before we can do this. If we need to get operations to do a forecast.
Hum.
Can we not only can syllables in the lodges? I mean we order them every month, year after year.
Do we really need an operational person giving that forecast?
Can we not use our tolerances and take historical data? I would be shocked at home.
Sean, are you there?
Yeah, I mean, that's kind of what we do now when we do their approval for them.
No.
I would need to see how it looks like like. I honestly have a conversation with Ashley in both sensitive evolution, so I'm not entirely sure how it would even look or work.
Yeah we have to create.
For like to make it simple for the operations guys we have to create a template for them to see OK for your propane. You fill in this right here. This number you put a number in your or Shawna would put a number of their baseline historicals and then that would just say copied it to above PPO and then use popular peo. But only work if we'd like. If we had an insight into occupancy is forecasted occupancy and those sorts of things.
Operations guys, but operations guys know the occupancy but they don't know the dollar value of there. Now I'm just wondering is Melissa here? I'm wondering if we have to connect the forecasting that they do monthly. Yeah, I think it's more about you talking with the accountants than it is with operations.
Whoever, whoever has that number, would need to provide it operations, and I assumed it was they do their numbers.
No, I never come from operations into the forecast model, but that's probably gonna be should be the source, so I'm thinking.
Occupancy levels, but they probably couldn't tell you what the price for leader of propane is.
Yeah, now whoever could provide.
OK, so when we talk about if we make this decision, we go down this route. The authors would become Owens.
Oh, peas.
Which is a 3 way.
And then there's a few things we need to look at when we break this out, like.
Sean's team, some switching there with the receivers creating a template for Historicals. You mentioned the actual specifics on how to do that drawdown, how to, how to create that.
Occupancy data from accounting operations. What about on the technical side?
Do we clean a po threes? Do we have to close those pose? Do we just let them fizzle away and start draw a line in the sound? Like? What are some options there? I think we'll finally heard from his monthly feels you could just stop at a specific fun.
And per month and recording feels just stop at the quarter. And if they don't think that they are on point in my corresponda.
I mostly monthly, but I think if we're going to make this move to an Opie and untested document.
We don't want to do that go live date that scanman smelling like this is something I project well. This is something you need to be testing in February. Yeah, bringing online in our production system in March. So if we go live in May this is already a process that works. But this has no impact on scanman. Its are changing our 2B processed. Yeah yeah.
There was a MoD that you needed for the receiving to put in some extra fields. I found. I found the report.
OK, and that the columns that we that we assigned for it have already been built so that they report full cells columns.
But
where is it columns that already exists? OK, yeah, we pulled fonts. I want being used.
And then but then those columns go into Jayanta the GL.
Will have to check. I believe the game.
So it's they wouldn't go to the GL, so that's the battery. But it has all the same information. More information than the GL. Plus they can run it, not just based on what account code you can run it on multiple accounts in multiple sites, but when they they want that's not hold when it's sitting in a forecast or they want to drill down with the operations there in their Hyperion Smartview. And then they drill down into JD and they drill into the account.
And they can see at the information if they have to go out of that program and run a report.
That
That's adding time to the.
It would get if we could get it into the GL will check the problems.
Yeah, it's reason was to hear. Yeah, for it to be outside of the general Ledger.
That would be. It wouldn't work for operations and accounting.
And you put in the account without you looking for knickers. I like, let's say that every invoice that comes in, you drill down deeper into that screen.
No, but the explanation or remark has the.
That be there.
Although looking for Is it in the explanation field, particular date and that'll be this part, but we don't want it, but not in the right. But in the report. But will it be in the general Ledger?
I'm sorry I'm getting confused so just just sorry. So when you're in general Ledger and you see that remark with the ticket number, do you then drill down further than that? Or do you just look at that number? You just look at? We just look at that.
The White House Bill GR. The number different screen on a date.
In a GL screen, that's as far as they go, they open up the account Ledger, inquiry. The explanation says ticket 12345 January 22nd is even report that shows all of that same information. Why would you use invoice to jail? Because they drill into the GL when they're ripped their operations, or in smartview the reviewing the whole lodge they drill into that. Like if somebody says that communications are that propane line looks too low, they double click into it, opens up the GL they can see I got five shipments.
I should have 8 shipments because I get to a week. Let me run the report by human Diane.
But the report.
The report is one thing, but we use the general Ledger for that explanation. Remark field is what is used for all financial review, so it's not just 03 pios but like that explanation. Remark field is what's used for all of the review with operations and an accounting.
Yeah.
Today's so.
Yeah, that goes into the Geo then that's.
Line description too. Yeah, it is every nation, line 2.
Description.
Open up a report for every line times every lodge.
Is this your apartments in production already? Yeah, can you send me the report? Yeah, just for my notes, do you know what it's called or the name of it or the number would be perfect.
RnB
thank you.
So I think we have a takeaway then that we need to have a smaller project working on testing this because we can't leave this week without knowing that this solution is going to work.
Yeah.
Sessions making at the end of this week that we're going to go to an old document get really old. Three, but I know it's going to work well. It sounds like to me like we've.
We've pretty much made a decision. Of course we won't rubber stamp anything, so we get any this week, but I'll type out. Kind of what we talked about and some of the things we need to do to implement, and one thing will be to do a test this week. I think we've got Ashley, sonnet, Melissa and Diane involved in looking at those results to have sign off that it's going to work for.
The people entering it, receiving it, and doing it in account in it counting so Ashley.
Shawna and Diane.
Just wanna be involved in that.
Did you guys eat lunch? Because I'm working on across project Shannon yeah OK thanks. So learn from the technical side. So this one.
So our business folks will be Ashley, Melissa, Shawna and then Diane and learn from my teeth.
Alright, is there any other oh threes that do not fall into what we just talked about?
OK, so we've got a path forward on or three's.
And what are you going to do with all the open St? Because I saw the technical yeah, so that was back to that question. I asked you what do we do earlier? Comment about it could be cut so it sounds like some could be cut off like at a certain point in times their monthly right March 1st.
Exactly exactly now. If there's still some lingering oh threes out there at the end of that month, they still should be cleaned up, so your options are two. Cancel them right, which is probably the easiest way to go about doing it. Yeah, cancel it and redo them in. Is there going to be new Opies anyways for the next month? Are gonna be set up no matter what, so I think you get a clean cut off on the old trees. Sounds like it are all trees like that. Like a nice clean cut off.
Shaunavon will fill up.
Some of them they do like.
12 lines for a year, and so they've received.
1.
And so they would have to cancel the 11:00 line an ad. But if it still needs here, yeah.
I just need a clean cut off putting up a new CEO is making sure that their active in production for a couple of months before they go live.
And I also saw some old ones.
Older than what? I'm not sure, but I saw 2016, seventeen, 1819.
We put some as well that I cancelled but they keep coming up as open.
I don't know what it is. I had friends looked at it, but you will need a full so they might be cancer. They just not do you want to bring them up for tomorrow morning and we could have them investigate because there should be pronounced bean old though 2016 03 feels yeah like what we might have to do is maybe create a ticket for it, get some technical, but I don't think it really impacts this. I think it's probably be cleaned up because it should be cleaned up, but.
Yeah.
The tickets then yeah, it's more line and it will get tickets.
Yes.
For those really old ones, OK?
King, anything else on the on threes?
OK so um.
We already talked about the OH is in no WS or autoscope, so in Australia they also they use OF for the food.
Where?
That's an old.
Have to say no.
I think everyone so yeah.
What's an ON?
So could they not being Opie as well?
As it comes in.
And then.
I see OK. Is there a better practice for that?
Well, no, I think the practice is fine I think.
You have a lot of Opie Doctypes right at the end of the day. The system doesn't care whether using an old piorno in or whatever.
But you know the thing will have to take into consideration is what information are you getting out of the system like?
How are you reporting on an ON?
What information are you getting?
Are they both 3 way matches?
So what makes them different other than the cross talk?
It's just the receipt routing routing, so we pay on the 1st receiving.
Rather than on the second receiving, and I believe during setup here had to create deeper Doctype referred to function.
This is back in solution, yeah?
Select
a lot of the vendors overlap between Owens and Opies. There's no real way separated so, but if we had all the Opies.
To pay on the 1st receiving most opi's only have 1. Receiving an ON would have two receiving, but it was still paying on the 1st, receiving it all opaque Opies data first resubmitted track whether it's at this location or in transit.
I prefer.
Well.
When so when it gets received here at this dockets received here. Then when they ship it again, it goes to in transit and gets.
In transit until it's not.
Like it's almost like an inventory transfer right at the end of the day. It's really what's going on, so yeah, but it's all done.
Purchase order yeah, so that is a good point. Thank you for bringing that up because we do want to make sure that we are staying to things material to AP automation. So if this is could be cleaned up because of some inventory thing, we could just parking lot it and look at it later. I think we have the parking lot. The OMB added to jewels inventory project along with the APEC inventory materials control.
Inventory, yeah, that's different.
Just retail.
So it would be probably another project Le that's not spun up yet, so to James Point ON, would would not necessarily do the we would do this second half of it is an inventory transfer versus a possibly yeah yeah. So let's let's will leave go in there. But I think we need to keep down parking lot and we can.
If Joel or whoever is on whoever is PM ING that we can bring it up, and if they.
On the end of day summary that this is what we're thinking is we're going to take this one out of scope for AP. Automation will just get their thoughts and we could park it or do whatever we want this.
OK.
And then, oh twos are just your two way.
Match.
Also Australia uses them a few right? Not that many.
I T services.
But primarily you guys are Opie and then the OS and.
Potential.
That's more of a we need to have more discussion within our group.
But there is potential.
To get rid of that.
So if you get rid of the old to, you have to go back to putting on receiving documents in place. That's that's part of the analysis to say, OK, we get rid of anything more receiving needs to get done, but if you keep it.
Processed.
But how do we know that service was actually completed and committed to the quality level that we expect, yeah?
Right, but not like a contract, basically right. You contacted a company for 12 months to do a service.
As I pointed.
Read it.
Do we actually?
The contract states. So when you say electricity, I just talking a power bill, so that would be one of the ones that we would be talking about. Maybe just not even doing the peel foreign. Just doing the invoice exactly. So I think that was the idea that it was never used for that it was used for some contracts through.
And I take.
But it was still done the same as my page where you receive it anyway, so we have potential to get rid of it. So if we want to get an approval on Oppido 2 document.
And it's a service, so I've I paid somebody to come in and clean the grease filters on in the kitchen.
If I set that up as an Onkyo and it's an invoice comes in, and that vendor always goes to Devin dorm.
Devon now would be approving know say yeah, I did get that service.
So now we get the approval without it being a receiver because the receiver as we know it doesn't really know if that service happened or not. He's that hurt. The receiver is to being told by the purchaser. I've done this.
No, I'm saying for the O2 documents we look at the vendors going through the old 2 document and look at having the invoice approved by the proper manage are.
To say that the service happened and not do appeal. Because in most services it's time and mileage or it's time and they don't know how many hours it took. It's not usually a flat rate, so it's one of the ones that they're always holding on to to get the get the invoice.
I'm thinking that those are ones that we should look at as being an invoice approval, because now you've actually got the person who knows Weather Service has been done being on the routing to approve that invoice.
We check the funds for it, so we check the charge. So if you were saying that the manager doesn't know how much it costs, you're going to get someone to approve an invoice that would say $50,000 for an oil change or cleaning up Delta. They're gonna go. Yeah, I've received that service. The manager is probably ordered the service, yeah, and he knows what he's gonna be paying for that. When I said they don't know what propane cost per leader based on a contract that.
Supply chain has negotiated that's different than calling up a third party vendor that come clean my my unit. That's usually done by the manager.
So if I didn't really cut a fiance, my projects in across the $10,000. If it just goes through invoice are we just are respecting that the approver or manager is keeping a tally to save receive this many invoices and I'm I'm still within budget with appeal against a certain point will say OK, you hit budget now we're going to go over.
So how many? How do we contain that? Well, the manager who is going to be signing these aren't.
Who shot for people? These are the Devon is the dare, and those are the guys are going to be doing these invoice approvals there also the one sitting with the finance accountants doing the forecast. So I have forecasted for next month but I'm going to have all of my vents clean and I forecasted $10,000. The bill is going to come through and it's 9900 I'm on. They'll come through at 12,000. I know I forecasted Campbell.
The managers are going to remember every service and how much it costs.
So we'd like building services the grey stripes.
Control everything.
Facilities, they actually are the ones that will do the job. Playing are everything except I do the purchase orders for them. They just ask the villages. Was the service down if it was done the negative post office like it doesn't go to the managers or anything because all of these stuff that you've looked after through our essence.
Like they do all that.
Yeah, until dad to Jen's point that only makes it easier. But here is that all about.
I said nice talking travel.
Send me about. I get regular routine services.
But is that another thing with our village manages as well is that they have the capability of material.
And so can Rs. Yeah, that would be a way that you could track it. And so if the village manager is concerned that they don't remember whatever.
Spend it in.
I don't know that.
Oil data.
They can go into that account, London. They can check or sign up free invoices already. I know that.
$1000.
So we if we go to an opiate have.
A third part, a person get every saving.
We we know here we don't have receivers at our lodges or the receivers on the site image. If I can in doesn't know what that reached back is been done.
Douggie downstairs doesn't know if that Greece practice then done.
So we're in most cases these are maintenance type items, right? The person who knows whether it's been done.
Is the maintenance manager Devin owes its income?
Document services were done. My concern is just two things. Number one.
That we can't get any services.
So as we push more more for purchase order so I vendors right #2 is the whole the whole people process right? So we have multiple construction managers gave these guys that we issued videos that fall within a certain allegations. So not all those things were going to death.
Right, so you just like in cautious how we doing that, because part of requesting services to get the commitment in the system. So it goes against the budget to verify that the work was completed absolutely. But our problem is is that they're not putting the value on that peo until after the invoice hits, so I've got no commitment only.
Is.
It will have an estimated value, which may be off by little teenage to 10%, let's say, but there is always cloudy urine that yeah we had the same word Stein or how much is going to cost a month and the only time it goes up when I get to that time we went across threads up. Yeah? So basically you haven't seen agreement says my project. Is it across the street dollar value of X dollar value? But I'm going to go. It's never left going.
Not left play, but in in the USA.
They are not putting their services in until the invoices in hand processed more than anything, so they should be. They should be. Yeah. Well, I agree they should be and their supply chain, and they're not. So this is something that we have to get fixed before we go live or every one of their invoices are going to fail every time. Every time. I'm not sure who all the fires are in the press anymore. We need to ensure that supply chains training you know part of the last few sets of fires that happen. Access, we haven't trained them but you only have Garon Lane.
And then maybe had a couple of clerks they've added in which I think at one time with Stephanie, but again.
Well, I thought within the March 100% of their invoices or feels or angry.
Yes.
Yeah, when you talk to those.
So we we called him on that like we did with understand and they said that they would be OK. So you just need to advise them that when we go live they will not see the invoice.
The best of both worlds, because there a way to have having two people and when the invoice comes in for that, don't have that invoice routing for approval and then match against the field. Or is it all or nothing?
Sorry if so is there, is there a way to have the system so to say if I cut it into P? Oh, but I still know that approval my invoices by the right person. I could go to po invoice comes in for that P. Oh is there a way to stop it and say send the invoice for approval first then come back and do the match but who's the invoice being sent to or approval whoever it would if there wasn't a field?
Like like that and that's another question is if I have different effects, the same service for different sites when it comes in, how does it know who to go to? Yeah, you're going to have to put it up your approvals have to be on your supply on your address book for your vendors, right? But I might have different rivers for the same vendor. You can have approvals on all kinds of levels. Their different ways to do approval. You can have a budget.
Business units.
The cost account or.
The different ways to do approvals.
Hum.
At the federal level in the 17th in line level.
It doesn't add it at the head level of the data a lot. All the data online level.
So if you've got a couple of different lines that go to different accounts or.
Is this you need to decide what way you want to do approvals on, so it's not that you have one invoice and you can do with within that invoice on different levels, so it's for the whole invoice.
You just want like just one supplier that has 95.
But is approved by one person. You could put that on the level of the supplier. That social possible, right?
The two types.
Can have nine different lines approved by 9 different people.
No you cannot.
Yeah.
Which you can have one invoice approved by nine people, but after one each other. So that's something you can set up if you want, and I can have one vendor that's approved by the sites pointing different people but different invoices. If you want to have one invoice to be approved by 20 people or small only only because if I have one. If I want vendor that for this invoice needs to go to my construction manager in this invoice needs to go to operations manager and this invoice needs to go to my team manager.
Will it know how they would use the account codes like? I think I heard well, those separated.
In your case, you couldn't use it here, so you could put approval route on a branch plant.
Or business.
Business unit would go to Scott or that business. You never go to James for that vendor. Or if you want to get detail that really detailed and you have 91, click the approval Rd on the code. Then that's the code on each line.
Basically, with the branch plans, you could do that. We could use the branch point.
In order to.
That's where we do know Peel. Then there were what we were talking about Multi oh, we're thinking of things like computer ship which is only used by civil management in Houston are the only ones who get that vendor. And the only person that proves that is Caroline.
So that we set up divided by category slash vendor exactly? Yeah, so we should branch plant with us. We've got asset facilities maintenance which use the branch plant of the villages. However the maintenance.
Invoices would be needed to be approved by the asset facilities maintenance, but the branch plant number, but everything else within that village needs to be approved by the village. So you might have to look at creating different branch points then.
Yeah, I know.
But if you have to have improved, if you can have prompted vendor.
Designated and you can't do it at the branch plant. It could. The branch plants are the same. Then now you're down to the GL code. Yeah, can you do it?
Say for instance.
Sign is used in every 120 something villages.
But account code is the business unit, the object, and the subsidy.
Also also.
It's it's either your business unit, you branch, plant. It's the same man or your Best Buy PC use the same, or is your GL coding or its supply, or is your.
Accounting your the combination, it's a whole number. Or is the company you can do it for company.
Just got on the line, so if you have one invoice that has to be encouraged by 9 villages.
Cannot happen or account.
After approval set up, yeah.
Sign in.
Yeah, you know the cost center.
Home.
That whole number, rather than just the villages.
So here's the whole account, straight.
That would it dislikes in that part of the invoice that whoever took pregnant or they send the whole the whole invoice will invoice. But like you said it.
Within the hierarchy. So if it got 9 lines, line one goes to James like she goes. They had a lot of variables.
Yes yes yes yes.
So when the doggie.
Yeah.
I have to check.
I don't think I don't remember, did my question get answered as to whether I could have pios and approvals? Yeah you can. You can set up an approval after the.
That one.
That's can you do an old to go send for invoice approval, then go back and match.
How do you asked question again? Can you do an 02 P. 028?
Invoice approval.
Then go back and match.
So you want to match the PLO after approving it? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Check if it's one of the options and that's just to get the approval on a two way match. Go right. Yeah, just like, for example, everything they do for that would do this right?
At this point it would be this option. Right log voucher approval before redistribution.
Birthday you approve it. And then there's voucher match. That's what she's asking.
So only if they use the lock voucher.
But for tibial management then they've given us.
Thank you.
Uh-huh
so we can.
Types of consulting, so we kind of actually the timer set up a we're going to want to save. Is it required field Internet is going to be dependent on a category in a sub category because like the high level category might just directly into subcategories of half of the new fields are having bill.
Should go over that. Yeah, 'cause That's something that if we have some areas that.
Could go that way. We bring in those up on the steering Committee on the 30th.
OK, so you guys were looking into that question. Can you help me? Why do you want to send it for approval 1st and then match it? I want so when I come IPL when I get the invoice an invoice for that field. I want my I want my project owner or my my business owner to approve the work that's been done 'cause I don't know that the work is being completed at work that is the completed accurately. OK, you don't ever receive OK, now there's no, there's no receiver in this area and the receiver. Even if there was, wouldn't necessarily know I need the actual person involved.
To approve that invoice.
Yeah, but that's voucher approval anyway.
So when you register the invoice, you match it to the, uh, 02 documents and then you send it out for approval and then the file to get paid.
If it's approved, if it's approved.
Let's not let's do it right.
She just changing it. The invoice comes in, it gets vouched in AP, it matches to the Peel. It goes off to James to be approved and comes back and be paid. Same thing, it's just a James doesn't get it before the voucher match voucher match gets as well.
Set.
Face your vouchers get approved before they get paid or not. Not not, not not right now, not right now. OK maybe that's a difference then? Right now stay that way or like account I'm a bit confused. I'm used to having found to approve before they get paid well appear always done.
Yeah, it's done and then it's for a service like cleaning events and it the invoice comes into AP and because there's no receiving that invoice can be paid except we make our managers hand sign and do not know no no. OK so then you're right, we don't have an approval so that there is there an automation then where it goes to voucher and then it could be routing and then it should be paid.
I don't want to have two conversations they can't follow on the phone, so who wants to go? Sorry, sorry, go ahead and just finished up at work. Yeah, what you do with Scanman is that you received the invoice, the system scans it. Either way, if you received hardcopy or by email, whatever it gets into your system into JD Edwards, you match it with either received or with a purchase order. So two way or three way match.
And then you send it into the Organization for approval, and when it returns then you pay it.
That solves your issue, Ashley.
Yes.
Scanman and we know that that pasta guarded these prices for everything. So if I have any of them approved.
Material it comes in and it gets received. Then I'm going to put it in the voucher that some of the facts of that same approver Soviet proves OK again. Is that what I automate? The only obvious already approved? Yes, it's like you want me invoice up through before it gets typed in Scanman. It will just match it to that purchase order that needs received and it's ready to be paid. But actually asking is how pre-approval Rd.
Because she needs to know that those would all that service is correct. You would participate, but if the PR was already saved, scanman is just gonna say that's already that's right to be paid, but a 3 way would never be at service, so the three way is a two way. It's supposed to way. But I'm saying a 3 way we would never send are three ways.
To a manager to be approved for the three way is already got the Peel, the receiver and now it matches up. So are three ways. Wouldn't go on a two way so we can separate it based on Doctype. Yeah, exactly should be able to. Or is it? My vendor like little.
So now you're 02. Docs would come in.
Go be vouched, matched to the peo. Go and be approved. Come back and be eligible, payment an invoice who makes the category code of not needing appeal would come in.
Go get approved. Come back, get paid. So then how does it have is an approval work? What does the manager have to do with through the pain?
The payment order voucher.
The two buttons reject and approve today need to provide.
The code comes from your purchase order. If there is no purpose, or when there's no proof, that depends. How does it work now? But when if it's going to be that category and it's computer share.
That vendor goes to the same account code every time, so why wouldn't you? Just making what if it was only?
When it's a 3 way match, you have a geocoding city orders.
3 way match.
There are certain ones that management that only go to one coding, so then we've got to talk about what's going to happen to the invoices that go to multiple coding.
And that might be that AP has put the coding on. If you can automate the code and just say OK, like business consulting for Houston always goes to this code and it will auto populate the code once it's a group. Sometimes you have like your computer stuff comes from the same supplier, only you have in your address book you have some fields and you can add the account.
So it always subtracts the account from that field, so each time you use that supplier.
And you answer an invoice.
For that supplier it automatically fills in that account. So we make sure that something you can use and then you AP Department doesn't need to do it anymore, no. But from Ashley's point of view which is got categories level one and level 2, maybe there's level one which account coding sits at the vendor level 2 is the account coding has to be added like maybe we have to separate those a little bit further. What always goes to the same account versus what needs to happen? Account code added into it.
These categories and subcategories requirements.
It's something you need to do so which invoices you have that always.
Always to the same place is very few of those.
Yeah.
Most of them will come from Scipio Management.
Those are the civil management ones. So when we do our vendor analysis for vendor abmc they come from 528 there going to be eligible for.
Payment without of invoice or however you need to be careful when we say 520 because there's lots of 520 set to that. Yeah, I said ABC so well do it by vendor and then you'd have possibly geocoding in there somewhere that would automatically get derived from there and you choose scanman like Lisa Curry. PwC feels the same account every time she doesn't.
Sorry it's Martin here in Sydney could ask you for crushing on that one, yeah?
--- recognition canceled ---
CancellationReason: Error. ErrorDetails: Due to service inactivity the client buffer size exceeded. Resetting the buffer. SessionId: f5f7af4beef5483ca3aff32677000b40.

