So what will you do with that information once we give it to you? Do you make a? It's a UTC OK, so the manager can select. So for example I would say duplicate invoices.
Company company so he can select like.
Checked and then roll company and then there is a field where you can add a remark. It's so it's not completely dysart, but it needs to be.
The other one.
Yeah, it could be around vendor number. It could be a wrong.
Company that they're charging. So like we have.
Companies it seems like end and it could be one of those. One of the companies that charges in yeah and then.
But that's something I like. In the end, you can make a report on its check. Why do we have so many rejections and what's the reason for the rejections and compare it to the suppliers? Why is there a reason why this supplier always gets rejected and then starts acting upon it?
But that's like future around currency future use.
Where do you send it to them? You don't know the code or they need to change the current document. If they come back in their message and say yes, I can pay it, but I wanted to do here. Like if you change the code is that still have to go back to their name for approval.
What you want is. It's also it's audit as well as, yeah.
It's a kind of as long as you have the invoice number in the email later. That's proof it can be approved. Usually will attach the email to that you work, so that's obviously something that we can't do anymore.
Actually would like to have it automated in your in your system to have it what the system doesn't. A background. This is nodes that they tended time. Andrew does actually be approval.
Because that's what you were counted, will ask as well, and they will ask certain invoices and ask for that. Yeah, show me we did all the approvals. Yeah well it's like if their manual ones. We've got the email together like currently set up what I get.
But in the end, this will probably much easier and faster.
Getting a place? Yeah Yeah but.
Well, they won't be getting it twice then. Yeah, yeah it goes to them.
Right now this is where I wanted to come back to us. We put the plug and then it goes back to them to figure. So yeah, just the approved, but from an audit standpoint it.
You don't have to. Every worry about losing in the Mail not being able to read a signature on an invoice.
Gonna be a stronger approved auditable.
Never.
Email
in the first place. That was the reason why it was wrong. So someone told you it was wrong, yeah?
So.
Sorry if one comes through us so we obviously know where companies get crowded.
Or something, a menu one comes through us. We tried hard at Mens vendors thing so that the ones that way.
Yeah.
Well, in the end you probably know where to go, I think.
Yeah, we do have some that we know when I get to the fabled time, yeah.
So we.
Quite often we will cut them ourselves and then give it. Turns out it's I don't know about it and that's fine.
Where?
It doesn't mean that you can't do that, doesn't actually.
Yeah yeah, yeah.
Could you attach it if you wanted to, yes? Well, the QA is linked to like the invoice it's asked for, so it's automatically attached basically.
So you're saying that you wait for me up some coding? It has to come from the manager. So are we saying we have to get the manager to change their mind about that so fast that this is the invoice? If you see that only work bench anyway?
To this point, we've been instructed not to send it to the manager, announced them. Where do you want to code it and like what do we have your approval? And that's our. That's our current process and maybe we'll work through something that changes slightly so that has nothing to do with Scanman.
The question non because knowing the manage is never been vague, everything over and over again yeah.
It doesn't go down well.
That's just from experience. I'm not saying that only changer and it's only going to have from experience only going to happen on the O2 coats.
Also in right yeah.
But
wouldn't the most of our peels, the Opies?
But the old three documents are going to open, so I mean, for the ones that.
Yeah, right?
Probably a smaller number than the relays, but.
On on takeover, right? So it's like sending something to paint, but those more times to prove it not gonna go down well, but those might be the ones that you determine are paid straight from the invoice at their corporate management company in Houston. Thursday are not going to go on appeal. They're not going to go and see voucher going to have the invoice approval, which will be speed.
So it's one approval there.
We don't know where it gets cold too, but we send it to them and they go code it so they came back and said this is where I want to go to. We put that code on it and we have to send it back to them to be approved, which means aquatic twice.
That's what I'm saying, like, I know what the manage is alive and the high management they get model once they get a little frustrated. I guess they call Frank then OK.
Do you want me to say sorry? Sorry.
Quick one that it's it's Martin here. It's any candidate can the actual approver also change the code and improve in one step and they interact or does he have to actually put it in.
Pretty sure it goes back to AP standard because it's the process.
I wouldn't you have a segregation of duty problem if you have the manager having access to AP.
I think they just have to enter the code. If so if they do, at the moment you send something they they right before dawn and sign it. So that's the process. If you can do that in the system will be better. So if it is a cheat, there's an opportunity to. Maybe they just have the approve button, that's all they had. If anything obviously won't work, but if they have the option to enter the code and approve, then.
You would imagine that would that would be in line with existing processed.
Way to me, it's it's.
I haven't seen that. I've never seen it in one person approving it, known for its cold, so that's that's how they that's how they put that. They will write it on, and then it gets entered by AP with the code altogether among go have been approved manually on paper so.
Access them to enter. It is so the approver and vendor code is that.
It has to be done by anything. I understand what you're what you're getting at, but that's not the way that you do your.
Accounting, actually it's not. It should be also.
$0.20 if you look at it this way and this is obviously what you would want to translate into Scanman, so we get an invoice we give it to whoever has to approve it. They sign it and write the code on it, and then it comes back to us to enter. So the way it's going now if it goes through Scanman it doesn't have the code on it and they say yes, they prove it. This is where it's going to be coded to comes back to us. We put the code it meant, so I'll go back to them 'cause we put code on it and they have to approve it, but I think he's asking. The question is so when it goes to them.
Yeah, we understand. Question mark.
The fact is that will take out.
Shoe.
If you consider like, say you have multiple approvers, so treat people need to approve it is being improved twice and the third one season issue and it should go back the entire approval route again because it's technically in new invoice because there's been a change.
And that's why we don't allow it in this.
Not work.
It's also a technical issue in the sense like a design challenge, because you have to go to two different applications, right? When is the GL distribution form and the other is the approval reject form two different screens within scandal.
Yeah, if it's if it's a different application. I was just I'm just seeing if it's possible. If that is an option, but we're saying.
Is the AP enter the code and get sends APN, APN trips in workbench is that? Is that the way the application will work and then sends it? Sorry it's not the way it works.
So it goes back to AP an opportunity.
Maybe?
Yeah yeah, yeah. So yeah, so that's what it was. Confirmed you're saying that AP interest to design?
But fear fire the the question answer. I think that's the best solution if you don't know it, send the question and answer and then.
Just awful.
And then ask for the for the GL accounts and when you have it, enter it and then send it for approval provers. Don't touch it, no. Well, they're touching. It wants to answer the question.
Yeah yeah yeah it is AP in Australia. Enter any of the coding like if you have a Cheat Sheets of I know this invoice always goes to this code.
I don't really have a CHEAT SHEET on paper.
It's just it's been approved.
He was interest has improved invoice.
So it's it's one. It still won't. I point, but I think what happened is you don't have this ordering class. They want the code number to call about intended for approval. We just need to work around their process. I think I said it's just understanding if we can do it again then will after work and you process around it.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
OK, OK so yeah yeah. So this is something you need to come up with. So reasons why you would reject an invoice.
And that can be like.
All kinds of reasons.
And don't go overboard with them. Just a few.
Start with three 4.
And otherwise I will. I'll make some up, but.
Do you want some examples or do you want some examples? So I have some examples just meant do you want to share some examples or have them think about it first? I want to think.
So I'm just asking.
Yeah.
OK, we want to keep walking through this one.
No, I didn't.
Say Alright, the acceptance. Say that it isn't accepted, so it's retracted. I see that I missed a step there, so I'm going to have to edit that 'cause the reject invoice now goes to the node, but if it is rejected then it should just be avoided and not be allowed for payment. So I have to add that one, but I see that's missing here.
Say that it's not accepted, but also not necessarily rejected, but you need might need some additional information to approve it. Now. You can also use the QA to get that information and then choose to accept it or reject it if the additional information doesn't check out.
So when it's going through this process for all the approver set up in your approval rose and you can enter process and have it transferred to your ledgers to pay and give it approved for payment status.
I think that, in a nutshell, is the process.
Now we have something on the approvals which hasn't arrives. I no, I don't have, I think.
So if I reject and in an invoice.
You see that it's made out to the wrong company right off the hop. I see it's a long company.
There's some button I just pushed, it says reject and can I print that invoice so I can keep it until I get the correct Invoice. Gordon, where do you want to print it?
Because of the habit I have.
Yeah.
Email
do in your workbench. It's Stacy a work bench. Just want to keep track of yeah and it stays there and it stays there is now.
I print them in my hang on when I see my files adding up and so then I'm a vendor saying, yeah.
Now you have a digital file.
And everyone can seize it so.
Someone else can also help you with the digital power. It's not only your pile, it's also someone else but.
Sorry we have our own hearts is alleged to look after oh OK, yeah.
With the election, are the 10 described the invoices to the wrong company? She rejects the invoice. Does she have access back to the scanman mailbox for that? Or the email originated from?
So their suppliers sent us an email with the invoice on. It comes into Scanman. Its created the voucher we look at its wrong company. You don't want to use that invoice.
Do we have access to that originate Ng email so that we can then reply back to the suppliers and there's your invoice? I would say that's up to you whether she has access to it or not. Like you as a company have OK, sorry, sorry.
Does she have access to it?
Well, she would have access to any payables yes.
In that case you so it stays the same. Is that how you use those calling them, or are you in the back?
But if I don't hear in within the week.
But you would already have seen it that it's address to the wrong company before you would have sent it to Scanman then or.
Oh sorry, yeah.
OK.
Yeah.
I mean you have suffered invoices.
You don't want scanman to read everything, right? Yeah, OK.
Thank you, sorry.
Is this a good time to just because it was in our technical discussion? It just came up how many in boxes we need to set up, but it's it's been brought up so we may as well just talk about it right now. But there's how many boxes do we have right now? Is there a different one for the USN for Canada?
Or the invoices to? Yeah no, same 11 a penny. So North America. And then there's one in Australia.
Vendors are sending it first to the USA to the mailboxes in the US and then coming up here. That will have to change to come directly to na payable.
We have a lot of the invoices, a lot of invoices from the enraptured don't come to us directly, but that has that part of our automation to change that. So that's going to be a takeaway then to work with.
Those groups is that the vendors are at the USS my chances? Yes, I came really because Darren controls the the one out of.
175 yeah, and I'm not sure I think Lane probably controls the one out of 400, so I think we just need to work with Ashley and change that.
That Charlottes Group at all. I think she's on the phone.
Yeah, yeah.
Can you hear me?
OK.
And I was gonna say now, but I know.
All of our stuff is is Lane like starts the process, but he's not the one to go to. If something's wrong. So no, but the vendor invoice through the automation will come directly to the.
The payable email to be directed to the scanman solution.
Well, it goes directly to the email now, right? For the most part, except for the ones that we send in.
Yeah, your speed stuff doesn't come here.
This is an.
Stuff doesn't come here. A lot of it like work, net and that kind of thing. We don't get copies of those only when you girls coded and have the signatures on it and send it to us. Then just doesn't variable.
Which is the approval for payment which you will need anyway.
OK, well then you missed the previous topic where the approval for payment will be through scanman electronically.
So what they're saying is all of all of your invoices have to come to NA payables.
And there's currently an email address right now.
Out there.
What will happen if they take away your figure?
10
not using it says they are. Now we are using it. That's what I don't understand.
But but like, but like for the vendor work net for example.
We don't get copy of work.
That invoices to our email at na payables we only received those when you grow, send them into us.
Right?
So in the future, work net has to send a copy of the invoice to na payables as well as do you guys if you want to see them.
But there should be.
Yeah, we're going to verify it to their time to gets before we approve it. Copayment, so that's why it works the way it does.
OK, so I think Charlotte maybe you're missing the part from yesterday. We didn't dial into yesterday's call.
Yes, I I'm sorry I couldn't. I'm on a cruise boat and I could not get reception. OK so I may have to take that offline and just bring you up to speed on on how the scanman automation application works and we can take that time. Yeah will track it here as a takeaway to look at the North American in boxes but but really what we had talked about in the technical session was if we have a North America inbox, an Australian box and the vendors send the invoices there.
Um, there will also be setting up a scanman inbox.
In the accounts payable would would go through those other inboxes in forward off that invoices to go through the scanman OCR reader.
If we don't have that second stop, then everything that's in the inbox, including spam junk Mail questions, is going to end up in your workbench in Scanman, so you have to clean it up there or.
You know, have a look at it in the inbox, so that's kind of what we talked about the technical session.
So any?
Any issues with that?
You guys are in the in boxes right now anyways, right having to look at it yet.
OK.
No, you're in my office.
So we kind of I forget where we were when we got on to that invoice inbox.
Saved email
that the approval email that's not.
Coming in.
Who won the approval email then you? But you still haven't received the thing?
Yeah, it it wasn't sent it was. I think you might have it now. OK, I send it again.
I hope you went had no.
Oh yes, I did. OK so you want me to share this? Yes please.
OK, if anyone can see this on the phone, let me know.
It should be. It should be OK.
So these are the options that you have for approvals, so this is for invoice approval for information. So the appeal approval that we already have set up in JD is status quo and that separate. This is the Scanman 402 story for two way.
And for speed standard voucher.
So you have 7 and the first four are like only one option.
And then five and six, 124, and seven. We only have one option, and then you had five and six.
We have more options, so I would prefer to choose five or six, because then it would go from.
Chip is the winter set up for business units orajel coding so that would be a branch plans or your GL accounts.
Geocoding sorry, that's the problems in your supplier master.
Check if you would set up for your supplier altogether. We set up for your account. This included audit subsidiary, or when it can't find anything it will look for your company.
So that that is what it does is It can't find something for your branch plans. It will look for your supply, which is can't find anything for your supplier. It will look for your business here in town. Find anything it will go for, probably an option 6.
It will start with the supplier. If you can't find anything for supplier for both for business unit.
Right?
Anything there?
I would go for five or six.
So you set this one, so this is the world.
For version in your group page. So if we make a workbench for Australia and four.
Watt
Mobile
get on board.
I'm I'm I'm not yet.
I'm a big confused with your brains plans, so I'm I'm not yet.
I don't know if it should be 5 or 6.
Normally I would go for six, but it's, uh.
Yeah, I think.
I'm fine.
Is that a mimicking the peo approval?
Is it? I'm just like to Ashley in no, that's not the same.
I have no.
OK, OK.
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't think that most of our suppliers.
Driving.
What you don't think? I don't think most of our suppliers will have routing, so no, no no, no, no no. But I mean I could be thinking about even.
Because it's not supplier dependent.
You're going to find.
The most important branch plant will be our first one.
Any discount, find anything else that it will go to the next one.
So the most will be covered.
Multiple approvers.
Show me the next slide.
So this is how you set up an approval groups. So you create a route you can domain and that can be like right back pain.
And.
And then here you can set like failures from amount 02 hundreds and and then you tell it which person if it should be really mimicking.
Different.
Yeah, and then.
When we are talking about approvals.
There are reminders sent so.
Uh, so someone needs to remind the invoice and he doesn't or she doesn't approve it.
So after how many days do you want to send a reminder?
Something that I would like to know as well.
And what do you want to do when nothing happens so?
You can send a reminder, but it doesn't mean that someone is actually doing something so sorry.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Reminder.
Yes, you're right, that would feel right now.
The number of days. Is that something we have to agree of as a group?
And I I need putting that down as a takeaway reminder emails today.
Like 5.
Pronounce 5 days.
Another 5.
After a certain number of reminders, something needs to happen.
So after how many reminders and I'm coming to your office door?
What needs to be done there?
So we're stuck the next level. What is are the best practices that usually go to that person's manager? Does it go to your CFO, your?
Where does what have you seen happen in other companies? It goes to the to a higher level, so in in their person.
On the roofing on the routing.
What I've seen a lot is whoever at the end of the day is responsible for the budget.
The manager is the problem.
Then it goes back down.
And this is also something that you need to make a report for and then.
Who's not signing? Yeah, and those are things we all we've discussed before.
Anything else is on the approvals.
I think that pretty much covers it from our part, right?
We've got 25525745553 more years, no?
Number 50 OK and then five days to summer. My name is good.
OK, so is there anything we finished going through that?
So is there any other questions or anything else that we need to talk about on the?
Speed voucher standard voucher.
Do we have enough of an understanding of how that works?
If So what are sorry?
That's kind of where I was like. What's the next step? When are we going to see this next? Is it that functional document that we're going to see on February 14th?
Before before.
OK, so that'll be the next thing that we're going to see is a configuration document based on what we told them they're going to show us how they're going to do some set up, and then after that we'll see it in test. Yes, yes phases, yes. So first you'll see it in a written document and then will translate it. So written document.
So process and then after you sign it off will translate it into the processing option parts and start configuring it into JD Edwards in Scanman and then you'll see it in in life in a month in task.
OK.
It might be necessary to do some changes then.
Which I don't hope so for sale.
This.
Sorry when.
Well, you obviously we need to read through the document to make sure that side.
Yeah yeah, yeah yeah, and that's why we do the analyze documents before. Yeah, probably before end of next week.
So yeah, and then and then I'll distributed out to their group and will pick who's going to sign it off and please. If you don't agree let us know.
OK, so that's the standard speed voucher.
Close, I don't. I don't think there was anything. I just.
And my notes from yesterday that was outstanding.
At this point.
Any questions on the phone?
If not, then we'll move to our next topic, which is.
So just on the Forza side you guys, we did approval workflow. What about the matching scenarios?
Is there anything two way matched?
OK.
Oh sorry, yeah go ahead this morning. Diane talks about the differences between APEC and numb, and one of the things was pre payments that I understand correctly that APEC doesn't do prepayments.
We haven't had any for quite awhile.
OK.
OK, you can do them, but you just don't have them OK.
Is that for paying rent in advance or you talking prepaids that get?
Send
like pages. Positive. Something that you've got coming up. They usually go through. It depends on how they invoice.
Black people generally after setting up supply.
Minecraft.
What do you do with prepayments? We don't. We had a fever, may need to do a large linen order from China.
So it's very few but the same thing. We would give them a deposit.
Yeah.
So I just want to know if it's if you do it? Yes, yes, it's just yeah.
Yeah, that's that's what I wanted to know, yeah.
Anything else?
OK, then we'll move on to the last topic for today, which is the tolerances.
So I'm.
Just to kind of recap, so the consultants and BS met this morning just to go through all of the standard JD applications needed to process the invoice and a couple things came out. We've already talked about the modification.
In by invoice.
That is in JD Edwards and Australia has a $50 limit in there in North America, has blank.
So I guess not using it.
'cause it's blank I would think.
Yeah.
And what we what we uncovered in our session this morning is that affectively, scanman applications will be replacing the standard JD applications where that modification exists.
So what we want we want to spend the next little bit talking about is can we take that tolerance that is that $50 per line. And somehow?
Get it into the standard tolerances, which is sorry. I invoice into the per line, which is the standard JD Edwards.
And we've already talked a little bit about the differences between Australia's in North American, North America's tolerance. They are different.
So this is kind of our opportunity to talk about that right now and see if we can come to an agreement on what what that looks like going forward, knowing that that $50 per invoice modification.
Cannot move forward.
We want to put something up on the screen to visualize this. I think I have something.
Let's see.
Scanman use the existing invading tolerance.
So that's a a rule that that's set aside as an exception, yes.
And there isn't. Is there an issue with having different rules per company?
So we could keep the current Tori Tori lenses set up engine, but our current issue is that $50 you know additional value add possible.
You can have different tolerance rules to company, but you cannot have the $50 that you have now because that's the customization.
But given modification for invoice within JD Edwards works online.
I'm sorry.
Don't know OK? And especially because this morning I heard that it's mainly useful freight. So I checked and the solution actually for that in standard JD Edwards is to add it to your purchase order.
That's the solution to Ephrata your purchase order and in Scanman. You can also edit in your workbench.
Who uses?
Yeah, that's an A talk mode.
So it changed the line. We are one.
On the screen, the 1st two are the standard JD Edwards.
Per line.
And then the third bullet is the modification.
In the P4314, which will be replaced by Scanman A.
Applications.
So the modification automate automatically adds a line.
You know, check, make sure while trying to add more than $50.
Yeah, so if you can actually see if you wanted to add another processed.
50 to the existing lines.
11 you can only add 1 one of $50 and under more or you could add tan lines of $5 the whole the whole thing. You can earn the ad.
Optical flow, so that includes the modifying existing lines.
Set up.
There's a limit on dollar amount for new lines.
For each one.
One line.
So are we saying this modification has to go away?
Yeah, well I'm still scanman doesn't use it.
Scanman replaces the.
Location standard standard voucher entry speed voucher entry in voucher match entry. There was three genie applications aren't used anymore or replaced by the yeah for adding motor match for adding invoices. There are replaced by.
Application.
And so the models on the voucher match standard JD application.
You do use some of the applications in the background, but not for adding right.
So, So what was the common around the JD recommended practices to add the Freightliner set and then you disabled ap's ability to add new lines? Is that how you control the dollar amount? Or sorry I just thought I heard you say that the recommendation from JD is to not a freight line on the P. Oh I just I just checked out a standard way of working with. Yeah I get that.
That prevent us from going to $60.00 or Oh no, that would be entering your tolerance. You still have tolerant, so yeah, so you just taking a tolerance, yeah?
Like the tolerance, but we have not had that in sooner.
Well, that's something I think you need to decide upon internally, but you can put tolerance. Yeah, like the tolerance in JD which will flow through the scanman. So look up there. You gotta 0% of the value. Equality in time up to a maximum of $50. Normally you have a percentage, so all we have to do is decide on line one and two. What is our tolerance going to be globally?
Yeah, that would still give you the ability to add.
If it's $50, is your afraid right?
So it'll be a case of going.
Between.
Changing everyone.
One line.
If you can, if you outta line it, the tolerance doesn't kick in on that added line.
The other one.
I'm on the lines that already you're in the system.
But but but when you looking at like, I'm thinking of from Scanman's point of view.
Um?
If you add if you're typing and you add $100 rather than $10 for example, your invoice isn't going to your JD Edwards work bench is not going to match your invoice and so it's not going to go anywhere, right? Yeah, so you can only add.
What yeah OK so.
The purchase order that it.
Matched to
is out by more than $50.
Um.
So he picks up the lines that still out, like if you added a line. What that limit on that line like just to make it balance? 'cause obviously but you told him to fix up the line, but what happens? You say some things out?
Still missing an item or something? If you were adding a line?
What's the limit on that line?
There isn't a limit.
Yeah, it's about four. I have an issue.
Yeah, so so I think what animal is saying is to get around that you would you would remove the ability to add a line that means.
Supply chain has to add an extra line of the peo to save freight, so then you have the line in there from 50 bucks when it comes in, you can reduce about 45 or whatever it is if it exceeds that then you have to go back to the peel but but if we let them look at a line to Diane's point, you can add a line for $1000 when it should have been 10 because the peel won't match to it.
So I mean it's not like she can make a mistake and add $1000 when it should have typed in $10 and just Mr decimal point because it won't match to the P. Oh, and it won't process.
Invoice
will match the invoice, but also like the process, no.
Will it be rejected? But so Diane, if you add another line at voucher match.
And I'm just thinking existing JD. If you add another line of voucher match, it bypasses tolerance.
But probably.
You can, you can submit that line for payment and it adds the line to the purchase order just as reference, but there is no check and balance to make sure that it's within deodorant in current JD, but in Scanman it will have to match to the invoice right when you have you have the invoice for your amount.
And you have to purchase order and it should match. And there's there's the difference, and that's what you want to add for the fright.
So if the invoice comes in at $500, yeah.
Does the user have the ability to change that to 5:50 and then go to the?
To the to the pita, the payment voucher side and Kian 550 but then you have an approver who would say that's not correct.
That's why you have to improve her. He would say reject Invoice is not correct. Yeah, that's a good point I guess. Sorry I don't want to take up all the time. But the point here is that voucher the invoices coming into the system and now the system knows what it should be in any changes from that need to be approved. And now we don't have that program.
I have one more question.
If you have one invoice that he is approved by multiple places, one places dollar purchase or that the rest of it is manual.
What's to stop?
You from just adding noise lines like I'm not going to get it approved because it has a purchase order and then you need to add lines to bring it up to how much them invoices.
Valued at.
What's to stop?
That Invoice from going through just we paid. I haven't got anyone else to prove it.
I was approached and that's only for a little bit of it, but the invoice needs to be approved.
No, but that's what I'm asking is if we got invoices that if it has a purchase order? Yeah, we say it doesn't go somewhere else to be improved, but if I have to add stuff be cause part of its own approach, daughter and part of it from manual here what stops that invoice from just going through the page because the PRE part of it says that this doesn't need to be approved now would we just to prove that every.
Put it in invoice with the 2nd two way match needs to be approved.
Part of it is pretty much yeah, but then you have received.
OK, so we have to move back.
Yeah, I think you've got the extra control there. If you're worried about fraud, you've got the extra control that you can't pay more than the invoice.
If it's outside of the tolerances.
That's why I'm asking about.
We have a tolerant to adding a line, but going into Scanman if we don't have that tolerance for adding a line.
Do you have a problem with? Do you have a problem with it? You're so worried by text you have a problem with it now.
Is there a reason why you have this?
Trying to workout which way is the better way to go?
Yes.
No, I'm just trying to figure out why you're so worried about it. If there's been so.
Yeah.
Scenarios Hill.
What we know is so this is a scenario that we have to do it. Would you know, have approval afterwards. So you there is invoice approval.
Someone else.
You have invoice needs to be improved.
Before, when we had that kind of situation.
Yep.
And we can processes.
I was saying that we can we have that same process but we have an additional approval process for that extra. Yes, we scanman is going to be late so.
We saying that it's going Explorer, but what we're hearing is that you say, well, because this is to change. It needs to be approved. Why is it slower? Because we go twice? That's my understanding.
And then when it comes in and then the first line is being added because he wasn't there match order. I am in AP, I'm like, well this is not matching. I need to go back and say this is either needs to be re approved again purchase order because I need to have someone to add at flightline here or if I need to add something in my voucher yeah then type goes with. So yeah, it's that's the process. That's the way it works. So either you put it on your purchase order by the purchase Department because it's freight costs.
It's costs or your AP departments, and it's a line on the invoice. That's the way it works. OK, yeah?
That mind then it has to go back to the approval.
It's not going back. It's going to the approver.
Standpoint.
The articles are going to look at your P. Oh that's been approved and now and added an extra.
$50 on to it.
The arms are going to look that somebody approved.
'cause we do that, but we do it within our tolerances.
Do it.
No, not necessarily.
Some of our freight $300, but you're not. You're not paying more than the invoice.
And the invoiced because it's an 02 has a signature on it, right? Not necessarily.
R O2 there are two way match, so they're supposed to have a signature on it. It could be an opi is what she said.
OK scanman, look at the because there's different levels in terms of.
An example.
500
20,000 fifty 1100.
OK, so let's say we have an invoice and it's like between 520,000.
I have not you is approved. I wish in my invoice I have set for $200.
You know?
It's not my general enough.
That was already approved so.
I understand why we trying to do.
Possibility because we do any change.
It could be perceived as a regional process at something like this lower.
And not necessary anymore value to the audit browser 2 here control process. So saying there's an extra step basically so as much as it's going to be fine for in order to. If you're going to upset everyone that has a vendor.
How many invoices?
One out of 10, one out of 100? Or is it every invoice you're adding a line to? Sometimes the line on the peo is absent.
So that's where.
I know obviously would have it where you would adjust the one.
1.
And you don't know up front that it's great.
Talking about rounding when it out by a penny.
OK, and we we do get ones that are rounding. So from the best practices you obviously this would happen in JD with or without Scanman you know what's the best practice, best practices to have that freight line at in the peo beforehand? Let's be honest. Right then, it's going to go all the way through.
To a voucher.
But that's not reality, right?
We have that.
So do you have a line?
Yeah, you have to.
If you have a different like, I do have an amount remaining because that's the way that you got how much you want me were three, but actually that explaining things, and if you have any mountain mining, it won't let you because it doesn't bounce.
So.
And handle or is there any logic around what it triggers for approval? Or just all newlines go for one?
No, all lines do the whole invoice closed.
You add a line, it's the whole invoice. Doesn't matter if it's within the tolerance or would you know it's the invoice.
Why we have that line for the tolerance but doesn't have to go back to someone for Google because they've approved this amount on the invoice?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Invoice
Yeah, but this part will change as well as so you say they've approved the invoice.
They haven't approved the invoice.
Yeah, this this was changing now.
Improve that you.
They're going to.
I know that it's different. Amanda was saying it before you like it out. $3 is still going to prove the invoiced. Is it out? $3? But they will sign off the invoices.
Yeah, but.
Is an invoice is upside management had to prove that invoice? Yeah so however we need to process it it.
Compliance because the manager has approved able yeah.
Tonight that door through.
That's what we need to do so.
They've already pretty invoice. Yeah, I know they will have it again, and no, not again. Now they will have to approve it in the Scanman Fire Scanman Fire Mobile. It will have a mobile app are and it's just approved projects. That's it and that's how they approve that. Not not on the piece of paper with the signatures.
That's not happening. That's what needs to be changed.
It needs to be sent to your Department.
To the mailbox mailbox. That's because you need to register it.
Same type of scenarios were talking to Charlie.
Invoice out to come into the into the mailbox in to scanman get registered in JD Edwards as voucher and then from there it goes out for coding or disputes or approvals.
Invoice to sign up.
GM.
Invoice
good.
Talk to our supply if they're going to have to send it to the to the mailbox.
I mean, that's part of our opening statement. Here are processes are going to change. We will work differently if they don't, could we scan it in? Yeah, we can absolutely scan it in.
From what I understand, the GF ask invoices that we get at the largest is not the same as an invoice that we get from.
GFS
so.
This scanned document or that sent document from GFS will look different than the invoice that are the same dollar amount. Yeah, yeah, it's just the format is different and we know how we were saying how we couldn't read GF sis invoices because they have the lines throughout and we.
They were here, could couldn't read it. The document itself is different. OK, so then the invoice that comes with the path that the package is not the invoice. We're going to proceed and process. So in the case of GFS, no, you get a.
An invoice type Athens slip that goes with the shipment but GF still gives you an invoice which they will send to the inbox.
So that to her question and DFS is not one of the ones where the invoice comes at the packing slip.
Well currently, but it's not going to be the one you pay from.
Jenn, what's the what's the? I'm just trying to understand the issue, so is it? Is it that even if there is only a penny or $3 difference, it's triggering another critical?
Yeah, I'm just trying to picture this. So in normal JD today with those scanman we have the ability to use it tolerance and set the modest side. But let's say the Torrance is $50. We have the ability to overpay by $50 and it doesn't require any approval. Yeah, that's the way it works, so I have some invoices, so my main ones where this is gonna happen. I wrote a lot of number over 200 wines.
So the village will say it sound $3. I will still sign off on it because they've gone through it. Who wants to go through 200 once again? It fits within the tolerance so they will send it to us so we can do it, which is also another reason why we have that tolerance.
Before.
I mean, I don't like sitting through. I'm going through 200 wants to workout where my issue is, so my approval is not about the tolerance. Are the approval were talking about is the invoice.
It's the whole invoice.
Not that you have an invoice set an extra line with the torrents or whatever and then approve it again.
Oh, OK. It's the invoice. You have a tolerance and then it sent for approval.
OK, so let's little bit different, right? So if I will just.
If we take another example, we have those 200 lines here from coming in here. And let's say it's $1000. So it was between $1000 with data example and my approval route was between the table first up to verb was $500 here and there. The next level with $20,000, yes. So the invoice comes in yes, and it's like.
Love boat yes. So you saying that he's going to check the approver twatt?
I say I don't need to kick off that after all, right again, because I'm not going to the.
Yeah, yeah, this is something else. Then let me say sorry.
Alright you the way it works with the purchase orders if they get their delivery they get a delivery docket. Yeah, there are proving that delivery because obviously we delivery doc it should be. This will be seen as.
Through and say yes yes yes.
Received so in JD Edwards.
Technically.
Scanman is match in your invoice. No no is it? Do you receive in JD Edwards?
Yes, yes, so this is 3 way match.
If we have an invoice that we get into the system. The purchase order hospital saved within this packet.
That's why in Grace too.
So if the purchase order is outside a little bit, which 50 now tolerance lives where this is sometimes?
We had, so they've already proved it because there would be great. Yes, this is what it's gonna be.
An.
So we have that time everyone knows we have that tolerance. If it's out slightly even a couple of dollars, the Invoice is going to go back to their natural crew. That's where.
So you're saying You're saying in the in the future state if it's owned by a couple of dollars is going to have to go back for approval. So you're saying that Siri is any difference anyway?
We are allowed.
And we got the invoice which match the multiple garden without a tolerance to do that. Yeah, but where this is happening, there's going to be a difference. If we add that line, whereas normally we can just processed the Invoice and pay it. It has to go back to the approach, yeah, so let's keep talking through it, so I think we're getting we're getting too close to the point. So the first thing I think we're forgetting maybe a little bit is in JD. There is no correlation between the approval route on the P. Oh and then.
Company.
Has agreed that accounts Bible has this tolerance, which is always right and it has no bearing on the approval group. It doesn't matter if you're within 3 dollars of your spending limit and then the invoice comes in $4 over. Well, now you're over your DOA. The system doesn't care, it's totally separate.
So the issue I think we're dialing in On is really just tolerances like set aside the approval dies.
So then so then I think we're going is.
If we get an invoice in that doesn't match and it doesn't matter 'cause it's higher than what the order was.
Then we have to make the change.
There's kind of two scenarios. There's I change an existing line.
And you guys do that or you always.
Accounts payable doesn't actually don't touch line unless the quantity.
OK so can I ask a question on that.
So if you are buying inventory.
And your.
One item is $10 and it actually came in at $10.50. You're not changing the line, you're adding a line. Do you add it as $0.50?
For that inventory item and so so your inventory item then comes back to be $10.50. Or how does it? How how does it do that? Because you're doing it on a voucher you're not actually changing the inventory price.
So so, So what Diane just described.
OK, so you don't change the weighted average 9, so she's just saying that she's doing on about. Basically, she's just marrying up without chili, right? So what what Diane just described? What Diane was saying to do by editing the existing line. That's the recommended process that would change. Are weighted average items so that you are now going to pay going forward.
Or your value of your inventory is correct.
So we won't normally want like what we originally ordered is what we want in our catalog. But sometimes if they don't have that other substitute, something so it's.
Pretty much the same thing that a lot of companies and company set of processes a little differently. We don't want it to change to that product, which is another reason why we can add it in like this, but but remember there's two different things. There's the price of an item, and then there's the weighted average value right? The weighted average value you want to be the value of what you paid for it, but the pricing you don't want to change the pricing on whatever. I don't we used to say, Well now we're paying this 1050 right like there.
Two different.
Fields.
So what I'm getting at is is most of the time if you have a discrepancy, you should be going back to the order and changing the line.
For voucher.
So the so the occurrence that you would add a new line should be really low inventory.
It should be for everything, yeah?
It should be, but what's going affected more so is inventory rather than a true Yeah, but you should be affecting the original line. Yeah, or respected sensing that and that is the recommended JD process to use. So, So what we're hearing from Scanman in the way that the the functionality is configured is layered on top of the expectation that we're using the system recommended.
So basically we have to have 100% accuracy when you way with virtual order and we couldn't processed as a 3 way match.
So you got your tolerance is set up right?
So your tolerance of whatever we have, we just chose 10 percent, $100 you could chose.
Less or more, we want to try and get to the same. We want to try to have a global but you know if if you want to start off at 5% and $75.
Or if you want to try 10% in $100 and see how many failures there are or if we want to go to 10% with a $75 limit or at 10% with a $50 limit.
There there are a number of other value valuable things that you get from.
Updating the pricing on the existing line like they are indeed E. Their stock. Inquire or?
Out of the boxing parties in reports that show you your spend analysis invariants so you can see this is what we ordered out. That's we ended up paying.
And the inventory value. What you spend. So if you spend $100 on the invoice and its inventory, it should go to your inventory account, right?
There's a number of benefits that come with using the recommended process, so.
And I know this is a change from what we do today in a pack, but if we if we just continue on.
Talking through the scenarios. So when we when an invoice comes in.
And there's a discrepancy. Say there's five lines, there's discrepancies on those pipelines.
But they're all within the tolerance that we agree to the scanman process it.
Yeah, so so there is no exception thrown and approvals needed approvals, yes or sorry but but there is no exception. So whatever the standard processes and Scanman is followed.
Response.
It will be within the tolerance, but it won't match what the peo headsets.
Changes it would drive to someone to be approved. So you follow up that Green was saying because it's only changed a little bit.
Level of approval.
15 for what changed, or the bit that fits in for the amount of you, or invoice for dollar.
Go home.
I do have a question I from what you just said is a if.
You're saying that the invoice goes within that tolerance level. What happens if it is inventory? Should it not be corrected source?
So it appeared matched Hawaii.
Oh, like a minute may be counterintuitive.
Found one thing is, I feel like just turn out and Amanda's point. One thing I would like the group so you can see that one that they're sending the tolerances.
Driving the tolerance that is the less integrity of fighting on your support. I'm sorry, but even three items and things like that.
Up into my Department to to make sure that what we are paying with the contractor price rather than.
The song that says No $50 lot autumn color.
Pi tolerance.
Exists in the system and I understand the need to have one.
Miles with Jenn was explaining, and so that have been there. We with Jenna, she's going through the frustration with the passcode. Sometimes, but.
I would like and I think it should be a key consideration point that when the tolerance is being said that you give a set of creative today. What I mean, I don't want to say that I don't like way or did we wanted something that $10 but it comes in an invoice that $55 and it looks within the 55.
It's just waiting for it.
But the tolerance has two pieces, a percentage and a dollar amount. So if it's $50 you only have a 10% or 50, so 10% is lower, so it's going to come in at your very intolerance is going to be a dollar, not $50.
It's it's two pieces on the tolerance.
I think I think for myself, OK?
Because I.
The other thing is just hitting on Darren's point. The other thing is is typically and I know we're we do things were, you know, in the market were in and whatever.
Typically when you analyze your spend your price paid to contract, it's usually in these reports that we're talking about that shows the variance, which is why you don't want to change the peo number.
As you want to be able to show, here's the amount.
Here's the amount you received here seem album.
And then you can see and it shows like you can run these reports by vendor and it will show you what your percent variances for that vendor for the whole lot or bike on the OR whatever.
So.
Do we need to win another analysis about those vouchers where we added was extra line and make a comparison and say, Well, humanity there were that many items are the new non. I'm trying to see how we could give more support from number to access it is where to change Windows Phone from the person page and the dollar amount by the line to get within a certain.
I understand what you're saying.
Yes.
Which is.
So so just just kind of getting to the end of the process so.
So if the invoice comes in, there's five lines in each line is out a little bit, but still within the tolerance.
Is that processed differently than if the invoice came in and it matched perfectly?
OK, so it's kind of the same way, so then if it comes in and it's over the tolerance.
It's not looking at the is it looking at the approval limit amounts.
To see who it routes the invoice to Control Board.
And it's an exception.
And if there is one person that needs to approve.
No, no, when it's when it's an exception, then it would go to either your process Department. It depends what the exception is. So if its price or quantity so your purchase Department which decide upon what needs to be changed and I would go for the purchase order.
That's a configuration that we are going to make, but no, that's the normal way out and work with it. Not yeah, normal process how to work with.
Because those are the guys of the girls or no, but it's been decided upon.
They they negotiated the price or the quantity.
So they know to contact the supplier and ask why is this invoice is correct. We decided to go for $10. Why is it 12 1/2? So I think Ception troll. It sits on the work bench for the AP, so an will decide it needs to go back to supply chain for an may depending on the invoice. Just send it to the manager but she has to make that decision. It just means it won't process.
True, until something is corrected and when it's on the work bench will it highlights somewhere which line is out or whatever. Yeah, it's it's. I don't think it's. I'm not sure if it's with colors, but it has a value.
Because we have that quite often.
I'm not sure.
Seem to recall like a red box. Yeah it it yeah.
Yellow, yeah.
Yeah.
So Jen did we.
What do you think? And then for how we talked with this?
Is there?
Is there any opportunity for us too?
Edit the existing lines to reduce the number of new lines that you have to add.
Yeah, so do we have any idea? So if we are able to do that, how many orders or vouchers would come through that we have that and rely on? Like how many times does it come through with a penny off due to rounding or?
Like 10%.
I mean sometimes it just in around different unit system to what it has in their system, right? So that might be way like you see at a couple of sentences.
Definitely decrease, sorry.
Their system.
Oh, I see the invoice line. The vendors.
But when you prices now in for three way will be going through the DMA process and therefore not mistaken. I think there are some rules in there that handle handle rounding. So yeah, but this for three way match. Yeah and also.
JD, we could if it was a penny under we can pay a penny less without having any.
Over.
No no.
Exactly what the invoices, but do you in that case fits a penny under do still Adeline for a negative penny?
But
but if it scanman has an algorithm that that maybe.
Maybe that penny to a 5 cent. Rounding can be resolved there.
Which were then would further reduce our issues.
Which still circling around gets us back to.
Coming up with an agreed tolerance.
Mute.
I'll come back to it.
I was just going to say do you like I don't?
I'm not running this this so, but I'm just curious. Do you would it help if we went through the process that we described? They're going to be took it offline, walkthrough it. Here's what it is. We're changing poser voucher match, like editing the existing lines. Or can you conceptualize it and you're comfortable with it or?
Right?
Yeah.
So OK.
Right?
Right, yeah yeah, yeah.
So then are we at the question of today? We can add a new line within 50 bucks and it's fine.
So let's talk about the times when we do have to Adeline today. We can add a line as long as it's under $50 it's fine.
Because of the month.
In Scanman World, if we had a line, it has to anything that we add a new line 2 has to go for approval or does it trigger something different in that processing? Anything I thought I get anything that you change have to go through them.
No two separate things, so if it's if you.
Add a line to your purchase order. It goes to your purchase order approval.
And your invoice.
When you have to two way match always always needs to be approved in total.
02 separate things, yeah?
You have match that make two approaches order here and you've gotta Adeline or change something on it. Does that then go like with its normally in our tolerance and does that normally have? Does that have to then go and be approved again with all because it fits in our tolerances. It will go through to JD. It should be paid. When do you change it?
When do we add line 17?
So before you send it for approval? Or did you already send it to approval and is rejected? Well, I think I think I know we're getting hung up on so. So Jen's talking about Jen's asking about the the the approval of the voucher right? Like if we if we exceed something how do we get that approved when you said when we said we add a line and you said you're adding a line to the P? Oh so it's going back to pio approvals. Are you saying through the scanman system?
If I add a new line, it's smart enough to go back to the P. Oh and trigger an approval. Yet you always add a new line on your purchase order, so you are already in your.
Right OK so.
Start where I think the confusion company because our line is not getting added to the post or like our $50 torrent but he's not getting added to the purchase order. The purchase orders be matched to an invoice and then the difference. So we're adding that line onto the invoices, not adding on to the coast Florida.
I know and what happened with anything 50 now tolerant terms. What happened there? Does it go to the approved or does it go through to JD to be paid because that's how we I understand what you're doing with the process. Should be that you know what it should be.
Doing here trying to do here is that you.
You should follow the process and the process should be that you add the line to your purchase order or you add the line in your scanman management so it's either sorry pick one, sorry, understand that that is what you should be where we want to understand is why the Scanman is allowing us to do in line overall, which is one of the scanman allows you to add the line on the purchase order or you add the line via scanman.
OK, so if I'm I've just the invoice has matched itself to approach product.
So it didn't even scanman.
And then I have to add a line in Scanman, Yes?
So the and you click save and process and then it sent for approval.
Well, I'm asking.
Invoice approval Invoice Invoice approval.
I'm asking because.
Wait, it's not found its purchase order and so it's matched its purchase order to the invoice, but it doesn't quite matched.
We have to fix it so it.
Match.
I'm asking what happens to it even though it fit you now tolerances. Normally we don't have to send it to be improved against. We have those tolerances where I scanman will send it to be approved again even though it fits in our times.
Add more.
I think I know what what's hanging us here. So so when you say invoice approval is the way scanman works, every invoice needs approval.
What's so we decided here that's speeds.
Voucher is an invoice approval and not invoice. Approval is scanman configuration so when that's invoice approval and that's just we need somebody like Kelly with Thor Iti to do the sign off on these invoices and that's whether they're within tolerance outta tolerance over under whatever. OK so separate to that but still in the scanman world.
Is there a way to add a line to about your? No, that's within that process. Is there a way to add a line to the voucher? Let's within that process this before, before you approve the invoice?
Hear me out so so add a line to the voucher and then does that line trigger anything different than the existing invoices we just talked about.
So is there a way that scanman you know that's right in the P? Oh, it's already been approved? Is there a way that Scanman says they don't need approval for a free way match because it's already been approved?
Set up.
So which way we've got it, whether it's salons or if the underline we have those tolerances to say it say don't have to go back to the manager and say I've got 33 way match invoices we have to fix them.
But would normally fit in. Our tolerance is in JD a Yeah but can we change the scanman ticket center be approved again? That's where my issue is so so handle or if if we put in if we say for a company whatever for this doc type of three or three, let's go for it. So I don't want money. What we've already talked about talking about. 3 way two way or speed boat for three way doesn't matter what the Doctype is. We're not talking about 3 way match where you headlines.
Then to me it's no longer 3 way match that it's automatically and 89 point having tolerated.
So just hang on.
Just hang on one second so so if if we say we're doing invoice approval for this document in this company.
Then we're doing. We're doing invoice approval for all of those orders, right for all those vouchers.
Right?
No two way and speed get an invoice approval 3 way if it matches does not get a 3 way it doesn't. It doesn't such than it does need approval. Well if it doesn't match it's an exception.
Different from invoice approval.
No, no it still invoice approval, but then there's something wrong with it.
Oh sorry, sorry.
Within your tolerances of JD Edwards automatically processed.
Color in the invoices $500 and my period.
Yeah.
That's what my question was. How long was saying that if I change anything?
Even if it's in my power yet, but.
Select
as voucher is going to be 499 and $0.99. The Invoice is going to be 500 but these two are saying here is that if they add a line for that one sent to make it 505 hundred to match it up to make payment. You're saying that that one sends going to cause a reapproval. I don't think it's necessary to add a line for one soon though because it's really your doors level. That's what I asked. I asked if we change anything within our tolerances.
Will it go for approval?
Hey sorry just.
Here is that the tolerance is that they're talking about are you don't make a change, just accept the difference. The tolerances you're talking about. Did you go in and actually change it? And that's that. I think the disconnect here.
Or they just say, well, what is 500 years before night night, then through Portland.
So that you want you won't let me go back in and they changed, it would just be set in different.
You say something that you change something. To me, that's like a afraid line or something, and that's not not 1 cent.
I think Martin got it now.
So what is it will be out whatever the lines are, but we don't need to do anything about it, will just send it through and fix it so it within the tolerances so it will accept it. It just takes a bigger bigger.
Afraid to find money wherever it's fine, so we could define.
Hey your dad.
But I believe we can put it to go against the they either in AP berries account or you could push it to go against the actual account that it's.
Send it should be going against anyway, so wherever the expense is, you could push it against there is. That is that right? Or is that alright?
So.
Don't have it, so I think for JD getting up scanman.
P.
Behind the scenes. To calculate this talk.
People we should probably do is somehow get rid of like the modification. Try and bypass that and just do a test of the JD ones so you can see how it works.
Yeah, I set up PY or something. Yeah, I don't know how you bypass that other one, but what you just something for Diane and current to workout with anything.
So do we still have to decide on what global tolerance we're going to agree to?
So I mean, I guess I would put that out to Maarten when we talked about tolerances before. Marten Mam is 10% or $100, which is which ever is lower, so it's not always $100 but $1,000,000 P. Oh, a 10% would be over $100, but the $100 would apply. Is there a range of tolerance is using percent and dollar that you're comfortable with trying?
Yeah, as I said, I don't because of the way we do it. We can see we thought that would push out this many invoices. I think the important thing is that don't spoil this off and like from that from the purpose of I think finding a balance between like that. The ideas are obviously, but I think the box 18 be able to get a feel for is how much do we need it to be an and how how, how long could it be that it once produce as it gets?
Shuffle number of these into exemption because in reality that's not what happens in every fight things or $10 into an exception.
But I I thought I, I think we could try that. That is an overall limit. What you guys have, I don't really have an overall issue with that. I mean, that's about right. I just don't really have a feel for on a practical basis, except that sort of tolerance. How much that could be an early start 100.
2000 lines on it and the only the only thing I would I would like though because even possible if that was the question I asked earlier. Is it possible to push the adjustment to the GL account for the field was originally recorded too? Or just have to go to an AP variance town or whatever? It's a very.
Yes, it per line or is it for that? Oh no, I think that's a JD question. So when you have tolerances you can choose it. You make the decision on whether you wanted to go to about your variance account.
Yeah yeah, go back to the Origonal Line.
So again, it's not a scanman issue, but I think we can answer Martins question with. Yes, we can. We can let's we do with the AI. That's a business apps role. And Martin if we start off with globally 10% in $100 and we're not seeing a lot of exceptions for that, then maybe we bring it down to 10% and $75 and see how many exceptions we have until we get it to a reasonable amount where you just get one or two exceptions.
And you know that that's the lowest tolerance you can go to. Does that make sense to you? Maarten, absolutely look like I said.
The thing we just take 50 and went. That's probably 50 and see what fight and there was no real science behind. It was just a awaits agency within our brains up. There wasn't a significant number so we were fairly comfortable that.
Happy, happy that I. I think we we should. We should start with something see how it is. If it's come up with a lot of exceptions and a lot of variances, then why don't we wait. But I think that this gets better. You would hope that the top their required tolerance would actually be no work and I think that that makes sense if we're not seeing any exceptions from it then we tweak it a little bit until we get to the ideal amount. So to move this day forward as we going into the end of the day, then can we mark this tolerance?
As.
Subject is being done for our rap up in the fact that we will not be using the P 4314 at APAC currently has an that globally will go to 10% and $100 in the tolerances which will be monitored.
Quarterly or for the first six months and decided between APEC Finance and now finance. If we want to lower it.
I'm happy with it. I'm happy with that on again based subject to. I would like to know that we can allocate the adjustments back the original account.
OK, and James from James from team Kane is shaking his head. Yes it can be done.
Healthy, that's good.
I think we just. I think we just need to acknowledge though, that the recommended.
Correction if we exceed the tolerance 'cause this is good. If it's within the tolerance if we exceeded. But I think what we're saying is that exception needs to be sent back to supply chain to amend the po and resubmit it, which is what we do right now and JD. So a part doesn't.
OK, but what we're trying to get on this one is a knockoff are tollerance differences. That was one of our standardization questions, so that's Martin has agreed that we're going to start off with the same, and we can at least knock this without. Yeah, for sure, but just the two be processed.
Finance director I think you said earlier you would like to maybe confirm that because when we talk about or anything you were going to be the one Department by going to be impacted by those exceptions. So I think it's fair that we hear that you're OK with that.
I'm still on.
Set Baron Australia.
Yeah now.
OK, with that we wanted to happen that way. The more the more information we get.
The clean a little micro system where working through processes now Blvd vendors to have our longer lead time into into the price changes.
I understand it's happening over here in China. The mountains ratifies, so our absolute of markets becoming a lot more volatile so save alot more requests are processed.
The filtering through sort of giving us 20 days to adjust catalogs as we build the gets more integrity into the system through that's ID cleanup project, we will be picking that is often like this making out process a lot more efficient between supply time in the supplies.
It's gonna be a lot of work up front that that should taper off his Market Mountains Justice.
The key thing I can presumably.
Terrified, an obviously getting reports of the tolerance up their tolerance.
Flight worth very click update card this is that.
So James, can you answer that? Is there a report for tolerances? I'd have to double check that so you have no tolerance reporting today.
I believe there is 1.
OK, so that will have as a takeaway.
And Ashley, you're good.
OK, so from the reporting which is not part of this process. So how does it take away to see what we can find for reporting? For this we do have reporting on the schedule for tomorrow's afternoon session, so James will have a look at that and have us announcer for tomorrow.
OK, anything else on this one?
That's actually our last topic for today, so unless there's anything else that he wants to talk about.
We can and and and those who want to reconvene back at 4:30 can join the call.
Direct.
I just wanted.
Hey.
OK well thanks everyone on the call and then in the room. Thank you.
Bank of America. Thank you.
