--- Final result received. Reason: RecognizedSpeech. --- 
I'm not text, I don't have anything to messaging for me.
See Vanessa.
That
Over there.
We're good. We also are built from Dutchess things. If you are interested.
Such things.
It out in United now really should get those on United flights now that will united flights. Yeah they're not that special anymore.
The best people.
Yeah, are you in?
Yeah, but don't keep them too long.
Are you in? Yeah, I mean OK.
Yeah.
I know III's I'm gonna talk about race and that's something that can talk about OK.
OK, so.
Hello everyone on the call we got.
A few people on OK great.
OK, so we had a very interesting 2 hours. We really only got 2.
The first bullet point of the severe standardization topics a little bit on the second one we talked a little bit about standard voucher, so the first one was consolidating studio doctypes and.
I'm just.
Just going to share my screen really quickly.
So you can.
Visualize what we're talking about.
For the detail.
But we did have quite a few where we started.
There we go.
So here's all the doc types that we had, so we had no piano. Two in both regions Nam had oh threes ano NS, and a pack has OFOLOWH. We didn't even really get to that. That third line where we spent our time today was on the oh threes, which were a $0.00 peo. Basically that we're using for consumables in.
North America
and So what we talked about doing is.
Moving those too.
O PS3 way matches.
And using a drawdown peo which will have to update receiver tables so you can draw down against that. It will keep all the current reports working. GFS requires a po anyways.
Um?
I think those are some of the main benefits to it and we talked about how we would implement this.
Um?
Which.
We're going to do some testing this week on it, but we need to look at Shawn's team on how they are.
We need to put basically more receivers into her team instead of doing all the purchasing right, like just swap their rolls around. It's not really the same people, just different rules.
We create a template for the historical value so we can use that on our drawdown amounts.
We need some occupancy data from operations in accounting, but it does get rid of that 030 dollar, which isn't adding a lot of value.
Give me an example.
Oh
So what type of what type?
It could be. It could be our food. It could be our propane. It's always in the lodges so it's it's repetitive.
Purchasing of contracts that have been negotiated by supply chain, so its fuel, its power, its my pony propane gets.
So basically they have they open up each month we have let's say 8 garbage pickups. So you've got eight garbage picks up twice a month, twice a week. For eight they open up a $0.00 P oh, and then when the tickets come in, they put the tickets in and when the field with the invoice comes in they put the dollar value in and they said it through. So the peo is actually being populated after the invoice arise. So now what they're suggesting is we know that at Wakasu.
8 garbage pickups is going to average.
$2000 a month so they're going to open up a drawdown. P / 2000 dollars as they go and put in their tickets as they receive them. Then at the end of that they should.
We're going to put dollar value against them to one thing. A dollar value. That said, forecasted dollar amount so at the end of the month, if I don't have $2000, but I've estimated I've got 8 tickets and I'm going to be at.
75 R 1700, then I take it off the last $300 and it goes through the system. So it's a bit more of forecasting. It puts it on the receiver.
Is that Ashley on there?
OK, I'm not sure who that was on the phone, but I guess that muted so it's.
It's replacing putting it back into an opi document, which is a hokie.
A 3 way match. It will have our receiver instead of having an extra doctype that.
We don't need and if for all intents and purposes.
It really isn't an opi document, so.
I'm not sure that really explain.
It's document, it doesn't get filled in it.
Any more work? No, you're taking a purchase orders. Put a purchaser is putting the details in and now the receivers putting the details in. So it's just an allocation from one person to another. So Sean is team has a staff of 4, two or purchasers to a receivers. She may have one purchaser now and three receivers.
Create a new estimated amount, which we do anyways now or three. Yeah, we create a new one each month. Just said zero started the month.
And one thing to add to that is.
You're not stuck doing it monthly, right? If it makes sense to do it as a quarterly PM or an annual P. Oh, you have that option as well so.
Anything to add on or three's?
So it's one that we're going to be able to script, so there's a need to be monthly, but quarterly or yearly.
Yeah, So what we talking about? Maybe that was just in the back of my mind the way it always done that historically was you have one angle purchase order with.
Monthly or quarterly releases.
Right now that all kind of rolled up so that you are all feeding off of 1 already approved purchase order and then she started to run out more than any of you had to deal with an organ look like you're going to go through faster than we have to deal with them. But now it's typically how I've never seen it done monthly.
The volume of work behind that is, so I would definitely revisit that.
The frequency.
OK, so I'll just add that to the list of things that this, so we've created a bit of a sub team. So Ashley Drummond, Melissa Bear, Shawna and Shannon from OPS.
And then Diana Moran from these apps will take that one, and they'll be a little side siding that they'll go through.
OK, so for the uh, we also talked about the ON, which is the three way receipt.
Routing for cross talk.
It's basically the same as the opi. There's just that cross talk peace. We put it on the parking lot because it was it was getting into inventory.
More so than AP automation.
So that's kind of what the group felt, so we wanted to check with you.
I know it won't feed into the inventory APAC project because that's more.
Hum.
From the retail side.
Yeah.
Was was their concerns about how we could match and pay them or just because they have different functionality? Yeah, just because it was a 3 way and Scanman really looks at the Doctype. So from the scanman point of view it's the same as an OPC. So the only difference is that cross talk and because it's more for receiving or sorry inventory control like moving from one location to their we we put it on the parking lot. We can talk about it later but we're thinking it's probably going to be out of scope.
For this project for this project like, it'll just stay as is.
The same, yeah should stay this. Yeah, I don't see why the invoices shouldn't get mad or they will they will if we're just looking at like streamlining, I guess we don't need to move. Oh Enzo piece, they just are what they are. OK so when we started talking about oh twos, which are the services so they there's a few in Australia.
And.
North America has some as well. There's kind of it. Looked like there was two different groups like there was the stuff that 528 days management for some of the compushare and other bills that kind of.
Come in that don't have appeal, and then there were some that we use as a two way match that do have appealed to come in and if they come in and they have a po then it's just the standard.
Scanman processes a two way match. It can handle that and everything is fine there.
But we were kind of talking through.
Maybe fine tuning what some of us understood about the software is that if it doesn't have a po on it.
It basically flags it as an exception and it will sit in the Workbench until.
Something.
Until AP I guess.
Action it exception for me it's like a big words it's not exception is when something is wrong with it. So when prices different or qualities different if quantity is different and this is just something you need to do right so won't be, it won't be automatically processed because there's.
No.
Enough information so it's going to sit in the Workbench, which is not.
It's not unlike, it's basically the process we have today, so it's not getting us anywhere faster or.
You know more automated it is helping with the customer thought it, but it's in the system, but it's in the system is still major issue we have right now is chasing the invoice from the office like Anna Night case turned around the office that five times. That's a good point because a lot of the issues are like that's what current in mentioned to when there was some examples. In Australia it was it when I lived in a lot of times. So. So yeah there are some benefits to it, so that's vantages are there in Edwards already.
Prefilled from what? It's red, the fact that you have like a side by side view of your invoice and the data so that you can easily compare and then just move it along lot quicker than you would have to enter it manually.
Yeah, which somebody manually collects right now, right? And what we could do is we could put if we know one vendor always is going to go to a certain code, we could actually put that GL code in JD Edwards so that it wouldn't go through.
How do you do it now? Because when it's like I T costs what I see.
Sometimes it that I just have a simple list.
Play next to them on the desk and that they have. Like when it's this, it has to go to this account. When it's this, it has to go to that account. Yet the issue is more the initiation of the project. Usually just making sure that vendor like force is is aware of the project name or the peo or the coding. However, to identify it. And then if we have a peo set up in the system is significantly better. Yeah, but then you have. When you have an invoice.
When you don't have appealed Microsoft, we agree example.
I got a Brazilian Microsoft invoices. Some of them are software, some of them are software as a service and some of them are infrastructure service and they all go into different buckets and it's.
Pretty difficult.
But they have.
Something.
Right, but that's the point. Some of the invoices just come in and it says 15 grand consultant or 15 grand. Sometimes it doesn't even say whether it's licensing or paper. I agree, but to Brians point here is usually say infrastructure or software. They usually have some sort of detail on something that you would infer that it goes to one of those buckets. It doesn't say you would know, so asking to get it.
But to her to the point that was made here.
If we, if we know that this vendor comes in all the time, we've got hundreds of entries in our supplier Ledger inquiry.
And if that's a CHEAT SHEET that you've got three codes, could we not populate the free code? One of the free codes on their? You only get one chance.
Turn invoice per vendor for vendor.
To be approval route and then it goes to the manager and the manager said wrong and then Brian says no that's wrong. Reject and then he says redux be cause in a Commons is that it's not a correct account. We're not going to fire were going to have either Brian Code, it like he does now. He writes the code on it and the initials it and sends it back right? Yeah I think I think the only.
Child is when I'm coding that stuff. Almost all of its pre K.
So it goes through a weird set of things it has to happen for the prepaid work, right? There's only one prepaid code that you're going to put into JD, correct? But then it's gotta get that had been prepaid, has to get expensive to get to work, but that's that's an accountant issue that at that point in time it's not an API automation entry. Define AP payment issue. You pulled it to prepaid and then we have to notify the accountant for management that their stuff to get prepaid but outside the truth when that account comes to month in, they're going to notice that their pre face schedules come up.
Brians got something to Microsoft. They are going to call you and say where do you want this expense too?
Is that nothing to do with a piece?
I would just say at least put it in the notes that aren't calling.
Account we never see him.
Right, so your if you if it's going to prepaid your coding is prepaid and that's pretty straightforward. One code, it doesn't matter what the services in it, the account it will then contact you to get the coding at month in you put three things into prepaid. Or do you want me to expensive stores? But I think I think the biggest thing is what company is getting is getting the expense, and so if it's 528 and its Canadian dollars, it's not going to drive 28. It's going to go to 170 and then it's going to have to but.
If it's prepaid, it's going to sit on 528 three fates, and then it will be expensive for 528 three phase to introduce.
But an invoice for Kronos.
Build 2 Simuel Management.
But it's building Canadian dollars, so we can't pay it out of 528. So yeah, so.
The only way to do that is either going to build in USD and pay it through 528 or leaving in Canadian, paid through Silvio Canada, and they charge GST so it has to be paid through Cevio Canada, but they wanted filled to 528 AFE, but they can. You can pay it to severe Canada, collect your ITC from revenue Canada, and still code it. But the problem 528. But problem is the vendor is building it.
Simuel management in the US instead of Silvio Canada? OK, but that's not an automation issue, has nothing to do with the tool we need.
In terms of vendors, address it to the proper ****** the proper anti. That's one thing that came out of these discussions is like you know, we looked at a couple invoice examples where it wasn't the legal entities name. It was more of the business unit. So how is that going to work so you know that's a big problem. That yeah for sure you've ever is doing the purchasing is not know what company. Of course. Yeah for sure to be billed to. So then when they get Canada, USA and we're constantly doing, we're going to have to work through that as we go through this project and.
Your best case scenario set up here is probably going to move out of it because you know we've got some work to do to look at our invoices to make sure their legal right, but it's not an automation issue. Not really related, but like it's so flexible.
What are the things that came up? Is Australia has a number of invoices that come in that don't come to the Australia legal entity name is coming through video set the business unit. So from a legal entity I would think from a supply chain issue.
Illegal Anthony issue and it could become a GFC issue. It is certainly in Canada.
You're not legally in Canada. You're not legally able to collect the GST refund, and we've been audited on that and we were unsuccessful, so we spent a lot of time as an said, trying to get our vendors to actually put it to the legal entity. Now, Martin says they've never been had a GST audit, so there could be some risk and their audit if they've got invoices to a non legal entity. But The thing is, is those ones will fail and so we're going to.
See all of our failures and have to look into why and slowly start chipping away at the failures and and the failures may just mean sitting in the Workbench for AP to action, which is the same is that we have today, so it's not automated, but it is at least digital electronic, so there's still some value there. Yeah, I agree with at least point like I don't see it as an automation issue. I think. I think we need to get the code set up right and that's most of the headaches that and has that we don't have the coding set up.
We start this stuff and invoices start coming in and then worked. Always trying to backtrack to get it sorted. If we do that right up front then in theory it should flow through the same automation rules that we're building for a standard flow, but we have a problem a lot where supply chain I'll say Oh I want to do a contract with Civil Corp well which is our parent company. Well a supply chain contract for propane may not be who is Trivial Corp. It should be with severe Cannondale P.
But there is this idea that it should be there saying with a contract with pro knows Brian is in civil management.
We have a contract written for trivial management, but it's a Canadian Khronos Company who is going to invoice and in Canadian dollars.
So if you management cannot pay its Canadian dollars.
So our 50% that we talked about in our kick off maybe a bit lower after we hear these things. But you know, we'll start to see trends on why they're failing and we just have to keep working at.
Getting them up and I agree it's not an automation issue.
The P oh set up properly in the beginning and then the contract with whoever.
Like I think.
Current US one is in.
It's a civil management project.
We happen to be using a Canadian vendor.
So.
I mistakenly signed the contract under severe management because I think it's a severe management contract.
So I can transfer the account so as soon as I know that.
We fix it.
I a signed the contract. I called Kronos and I assign the contract to.
Carlos Orta, Silvio Canada.
And we're going to go and they continue to send the invoices incorrectly. Problems I can't pay you until you done that but then. But then we have to just keep. These are things that we have to work through. They'll hit the exceptions. They're not part of the automation tool, but the automation tool will give him as an exception. And then we're going to have to pick it up and maybe for a while after we go live. I may have to help the AP with the exceptions and work between the different groups that are creating the exceptions.
But yeah.
Yep.
Dashboards to build.
No, they'll show up there but but but pulling the historical OK we had.
100 exceptions from this.
Ryan, right, you gotta go fix all your vendors and you gotta do it now and that's part of the install one and install two. The first time we're going to get all these infections out and it's going to be 25% of them not working. Today we're going to work on these and that will get us a little bit farther in the next time. And then we just keep working on them until we get there and we can look at it, you know. Except for you, bye.
Department of acceptance and the exceptions by vendor and then we can right click the big ones and knock him off sections but.
Inception five person.
So that's kind of where we ended up. We did talk very briefly on the standard voucher invoice approval and what we found is that really?
The bang for your Buck with Scanman is with the P. Oh, that's where you can really have some automation flow, but doesn't have a peo. It will stop off in the Workbench requiring extra work, which is no different than what we do now.
We can't lose sight of the fact that there still isn't automation component that Scanman is bringing to the table. With those enclosures in that is not. It's not an AP clerk.
King married.
Recognize automatically.
Looking at those exceptions and routing speed vouchers for coding and things like that as opposed to doing data Internet so there's a few which automation benefit that I heard a few times were losing sight up here because it's not pushing it all the way through to posting for example.
That's the icing limit. Then we're not losing sight of any of the invoices because.
I got stuck on somebody's desk. Yes, that's a huge one. Yeah yeah, huge for us.
So really, that's where we're going to pick up pick up tomorrow. We're going to continue that standard voucher invoice approval. How that's going to work out. We're going to talk about the APAC OF.
Doctype, which is what they use for food. It's the same as an opiates a 3 way, but there's different DMA eyes that take a different places, so will just let you guys know we've kind of already had a discussion about what some thoughts are around it, so we'll just have that quickly and then be able to move on from that. That should pretty much rap up our doctype alignment discussion because the other ones are out of scope for this project.
So we'll do standard voucher tomorrow. Do the OF Doctype.
Jessica for jde only. That might take up are probably going to take up the afternoon. Yes, in the morning we have some technical discussions on the actual set up the CMC and stuff like that, that you're in Lorain. And then we've got one with the BS on the JD applications.
Used to process the invoice just to make sure that we are all on the same page or all using the same applications.
And will probably talk about the.
A modification in Australia for the tolerance just so they understand what we have 'cause.
It will impact.
The afternoons discussion.
So I don't feel like we're too far behind, actually.
We've got the standard voucher in the OF and then will be caught up with what. What we didn't get to today when you'll three was going to be a big discussion and what we an old two was a big discussion. #2 is a big discussion. Yeah, we had some sidebars but I think they were good.
So.
Yep.
So that's basically it. So we start off tomorrow at 2:00.
We start with the technical 9:30 and then the JD outset.
10:30 I've messed up on here at 10:30.
And then start.
OK.
Any questions anyone on the phone?
Memorial I think I mentioned that we didn't get enough are or didn't get as far as we expected. Bank today on bullets on the bullets.
Intentional, or was there like some a couple of big things that we obviously just had a number of conversations around. A couple other things with those things that hung us up, or there are other things that were hanging us up that.
Just the team jelling together. What is it? Is there anything we can do to help?
I think it was understanding how Scanman was going to treat certain documents, so there was maybe a pre defined. We conceived notion of what it was going to do and we had to work through that and so there may be is a gap. But how we close that? Maybe just be our understanding of how we can work around that I.
After today, I don't feel like it's a technical thing that we have to go back to Scanman on and say we have a gap. I think we should be able to.
To work with it, but.
I know it's early, but from your perspective.
We're doing anything that we should be doing.
Would be rethinking anything.
Based on what you've already heard it too early to say. Probably you will start working differently, and that's that's probably a bit difficult for now to see and it's it's what you said is that.
The big advantage is that.
An.
You won't be typing in, the invoices will be scanning set will be recognized, so it will be a change of word.
But Scanman Won't do you work, so it's not sure. Do you work button? You will still need to do work, so we will need to do exceptions.
Yeah, because there will always be exceptions, but.
You can, it can be helped, especially what we did today and I think we had a very good discussion.
To get more of the O PS instead of the old trees.
To give it more standard, standardized.
I think that's a big step forwards.
Because I do believe you have too much.
Document types in O PS.
Yeah.
I read from your analyzes that I think that a lot of your invoices and I hear it here now is that they get stuck in your organization and I haven't heard that they get lost in your organization, but again.
That's what I expected, and this those have found such as.
Now you received invoices and they get scanned immediately. So there in your system you know where they are so.
Florence point there engine even may still have to do work on this, but at least it there in one place and they're not on jolse deaths for the bottom line. Electronic versus automation like there's still benefits of having it in JD Edwards, but it will be different. You work will be different and in the beginning it will be more work.
That's always, but then after a while, when you're used to it.
It will be more easier. You will get to know the system you have more improvements because not all the improvements will be done straight away and then you will see that it will.
An.
If you more.
Miss you.
It'll free up their time for other things. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're right at times.
OK, thanks everyone.
