
--- Start speech recognition using wav file in en-US language ----
Speech recognition: Session started event: SessionId: 793daa7ffaff4ae09de03a62a1e03c13..
All the other questions and everything is in Indiana Scanman and you have to you have to clean that up, yes.
Yeah, that would work better obviously. Wait for the invoice emails into our mailbox, the scanman rather than.
'cause otherwise, how are they gonna know which email I set my invoices to which one I set my questions? They will get confused and yet so that would work better.
Yeah, yeah, so we could just set up a mailbox so it could break so then nothing changes.
For the classroom for suppliers, nothing changes and for you you just forward the email. Yeah, the influence.
So it's kind of like with one email box with scanman. Sounds like maybe yes, I think so.
So all three Canada, USA, Australia will all send.
Emails with the invoices to the same scanman email address.
Is Australia on the same instance of Edwards?
They might just go live later, Yeah, but.
If that's the case, then can all be this an address.
OK, so every email coming into any cables or AUS payables is manually reviewed by somebody an if it's an invoice then made for. If they push it over too scanman. Yeah, that's the design.
Well, that's an advice.
Yeah, that we do get some invoices that come in and you actually have to go into like it if you invoice so it doesn't actually coming in. So attachment, we've gotta go women.
And you're looking at mailbox anyway to separate the invoices from the question. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what you do.
It's it's a normal part of your work.
Because if we don't, if I'm wrong that mailboxes per environment, right?
Yeah yes, so there will be one for testimony.
Exactly.
So even if we don't do that process, then scanman if everything gets get sent to scan my little try to read all these questions and all these other things that basically Oliver failure. Yeah yeah yeah.
OK.
Spell the set up some.
Email rules around that, like if if the incoming email has a PDF attachment, just automatically route it to the scanman email. Yeah, but sometimes they have questions embedded in it still or they have a PDF with some kind of advertising's or yeah.
Yeah, I mean they also have like, well, the thing that people invoices.
Yeah, yeah, so I mean, it could already be in the system.
Yeah, that's the reason why we enterprises for those kind of things mean.
And it's also said that office 3065 shared mailboxes are not supported, so I don't know if you have those.
Sure we are back.
We do have him, but no, this would be another. Creating a new mailbox for the invoices we were discreetly.
Actually it is supported that I have implemented that in our labs. It is supported.
Probably doesn't mean.
How does it it would be able to separate if you've got a supply that Central Q Invoices on the one PDF.
Like Scanman can separate though this actually a question. We do have something for it, but it's not.
It's something new. It's new functionality.
7 three separately. But we do have some supplies that you know. This is what you got for the week or whatever and now send them all true. So older one PDF. We have some new functionality in its course info Splitter, but it's not yet. Yeah, it wasn't available when I got in the plane here, so it is a question that I ask because I saw it in the analyzed.
OK so it is on my list to have it.
Supported browsers Google Chrome Fire Fox Internet.
Explorer 10, an Internet Explorer 11.
Um?
An enterprise won requirements line dot 15X or higher, and I saw that your online dot won an Rebecca said tools released to something.
Two 2.5.
And then we need an installed VSS fee service. Do you have those?
That set up.
OK.
IIS servers.
You do have.
You need both is the services.
The server is for mobile for the mobile app.
Bird you use it for the mobile approvals.
And that's in scope, isn't it?
It's not out of scope, but.
We have reason.
The mobile oh I would think extra.
We've got to take the server.
Which is something.
Anyway.
And now we have a use of Cafe 1 feature, but we make composite pages now so I don't know what you use. But we present composite pages. We haven't really gone down.
Using Capital One. Oh OK, it's available in the tools so will be involved.
They should be use of media object cues in the enterprise one and you'll have some recommendations or requirements on what cues you need set up. Yeah.
Will the file be stored in the same places? Are other media object files? I don't know. I'm waiting to hear where that what they're doing with that.
And JD Edwards environment needs to be in Unicode.
So I don't think we have exactly this. No, it's a bit different little bit, but it's probably an older version that I can find the current working.
It's just that we have something on the screen.
Do you have any Unicorn?
The database.
It should because I think they made that switch when they went from EXE.
To a secure, which version did they switch to Unicode You Remember?
Alright, they started with Dixie.
OK, yeah so.
And then easiest way to check is if you go to the business data data sources. If you go to the advanced button and there is a check mark to say that it has been turned on or not. So if it is turned on me that your databases in Unicode.
OK, that's something we want to cook Brown. I'm sure that it is, but I just don't think my head.
And then the important part web server and fed coin Texas the enterprise and this is for the persons who are going to install the software. They need to have access to only W.
Yep.
They should be able to call the BSS fee server.
They should be. The user should be able to set up Iban Pages Cafe won screens.
So it should be functional user.
They should have a fat client access. It should be able to restore projects.
Because that's the way they install.
Yes.
Yes, the installation will be done. I think secure is probably been engaged to assist in the installation or perform the installation, which.
I think we're going to do it.
Yep.
OK, So what we want to do is we want to have.
Secure working with Jack, who is our CNC resource in Sydney.
OK.
Exposure to the install process. What components are being installed?
Relate to be SVN IIS. Those kinds of things so that he's able to support this going forward. When you say we doing Forza or ISP three well, I'm evil. Simply understanding that we are going to do it. That's mine are standing as well. Hank would be the one leading that charge nothing. I thought you said.
So it might be a force a guy and secure an Jeff. I think security will. It is actually I the same role as you had in the beginning, like watching or something. Yeah, yeah, it's an observation. Roland Anna system is just when if needed.
Whoever.
Change, yeah, that's just want to make sure that we're getting Jack in Sydney connected to that installation process so that that's fine. Share screens and walk through it all.
What I would like to have is contact information so that they can just contact easily.
Also what they can do and what they can't do?
And what you want them to do. If it's OK if we just install it and they send the document to Jack? Or do you want check to see everything done? Or what's the intention of this? I don't. I wouldn't mind having Jack work with them to observe.
Depending on where the resource is located, time zones are going to be pretty tricky and that's why I'm asking if we can.
If we can confirm who the resource is and where they are, then I think we can decide how best to indeed check, yeah.
Yeah for me for now there in the Netherlands.
Which is a little more difficult.
Trying to connect to Australia.
OK, yeah.
If someone's getting the short end of the stick.
Overlap.
You guys working?
So to get back to the fat client access.
We would like to have JD developer to be installed.
OK.
I think that might be on the backlight machines already, Yeah, but we will certainly confirm that for you.
It should be able to create a database data source, create database system users and create ocm mappings.
This is.
This is the axis that your resource building it yeah.
OK.
And they should.
Is the Netherlands resource starts at 8:00 AM. That's jacks 4:00 o'clock, so you can just put some.
Some standard shift for a couple of days to do this.
What's the weather?
Yeah, because it's a It takes them normally like 2 weeks to install.
And now I don't know how they plan it exactly.
And it doesn't mean that they're working 2 weeks and full stops on it, but they do it in steps.
They should be able to generate tables on this. ERP DTA only for scanman tables.
Local HTML should be working and it should be possible to build local C++ to build objects.
Should be installed.
They should be able to build packages for the BSS fee server build and deployment an they should have access to server manager.
And I also have the question who's doing the package builds? Can they do it themselves or is this something that you have a po secure right now Jack is OK.
If these folks need to build and deploy package as part of the install.
OK.
Is it for all the environments?
That they would be able to build a package is sure.
Yeah, and I also have.
The question if CBUS parchment dot DLL is being used. But since you're using self service I assume that you already have it.
Check.
Technical.
So you'll send this to your fixed group. Yeah Yeah, but it's something that I need to come back with some questions so they they know up front and I can start planning with it to have some some answers to some questions. Some of them is the technical for me as well, so.
The VSS fee is there.
It's not. It's not correctly there, it's not currently there, but you're going to build it.
So let's.
Oh yeah, an.
If you're going to build it, are you going to restart it?
Or is it something that they can do it themselves? Don't be able to restore if they've got full access to server manager, will be able to restart as they need.
And they want access to RDP in Windows account.
Server manager access for for adding the SQL driver scanman training people, that's for for the OCR.
They need SQL.
OK.
And they also need to have access to several directories to web service. Be cause scanman uses icons.
So they should be able to have access to several web service to be able to place those icons to the so they can retrieve them into JD Edwards.
Documentations.
Like to have a VPN connection, but I think that's not a problem because I already have access as well.
So it's not. It's not typical VPN, it's coming in through the web. But yeah, same same idea. They can come in and take control of the machine that they need.
And it's the same. The IES service should be able to be connected from outside as well.
And this actually is.
Things that we want.
Immediate.
Yes.
Reasonable.
OK.
One question though, so coming back to the question that Rebecca asked is when the scans are created and the images come out of the OCR where those stores are they stored in the file system where they stored in the database. I'm going to ask.
Where they are.
I don't know whether.
I thought they are just a media object.
165, right, but the file itself could be stored in the file system or tools now have the ability to store the attachments in the database, so I just don't know which way.
If you give me 5 minutes.
That's why it doesn't need to be, you know. But then then we have the answer.
Sure.
And it's still 6:00 o'clock, so they probably.
How many attachments we have right now? How? How much are we using it?
Media object, Seattle ones are equally.
What do we do?
Personal file information.
Drive.
I don't know.
OK.
It might be doing some stuff in maintenance.
I'm or deposit information for employees.
No AP invoices today though.
We have the.
Yeah, click on it through. Can you improve this invoice? I don't know what is it exactly.
Fairly substantial file room upstairs.
Eventually.
Q.
Is this?
OK, and my slightly settings for to 2nd.
It's the same places where your objects are stored now.
So in the file system.
I6 in the file system.
Or in the database.
The base.
Not in the database, not in the database.
OK.
OK, don't stop.
OK.
Yep.
We were there.
OK, OK.
Spell.
He said nowadays it's possible with a new tools we need to put them in the database, but we don't recommend it because it's not a foul system the database.
So we don't do it.
OK, so you go do it, but if a customer has that configuration in place and has made that choice with the tools to scanman support that.
We were not. There were were in the file system. Right now we have had discussions and.
Are tentatively planning at some point download written for the timeline to make that switch to move them into the database mainly so external users who are not on the network have easier access to get those attachments. You don't have to go out to the file system as well, but let's see what they come back with them. That might help. I assume it's supported because it's tender. Jennie Edmundson. It's part of the standard tool set so I would think that it's important. Yeah, OK.
But we're not there right now. --- Final result received. Reason: NoMatch. --- 
So the reason that you would maybe once in the database is mostly for external access, right?
Well until offloaded.
Hum.
Just to move that out of the file system to get it into the database so that storage is a little bit.
On the infrastructure side right now.
To the Internet.
Yes.
So.
It's actually it from me.
So I think I would like to know where the contact information for Jack.
If that's OK.
Mailboxes.
For them to contact directly.
And then indeed the mailboxes vendor setup which ones that you would like to use.
Because they will install them, the email box is that the Scanman will start using, so just the two right? Like CVS scanman test severe scanman fraction.
I think.
Yeah, and then the other three or two. I'm not sure if namis together if they're separate with US, but those are existing and they'll just stay. Status quo will be creating 2 new ones, one per test 1P1, and everybody all invoiced. Pull into one.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, we'll have to run that by Ellie and the North American AP, but.
Having gender, I don't imagine that's going to be an issue, and then I'll think about. I'm not sure if it's if one is enough, but I'll check if we need separate for Australia.
US dreams once but.
I don't think it is but but, but let's check just to be sure.
Yeah, yeah, I think so too, but I'm not sure it's recognizes which unit company.
Link it to the correct work bench.
So would you have different versions of the work bench?
'cause it's a JD application interactive app and then they'll be versions 'cause I think that's pretty much. I mean, we'll talk about that at 10:30, but I think that's the way it's primarily set up now, right? The same application and then just different versions for some of the AP stuff.
So you would have like company. You don't have company on your users than.
So then when you when you enter a file so that you automatically know which company is so.
You only have one company.
The other one.
We will spend some time on that in our next session and maybe even yourself. Current or Diane can maybe display and kind of give you guys a tour.
What we're doing.
And we can look at the MoD there too. At the same time.
OK.
That's it for my side. Actually, I don't know if you have questions.
Nope, nothing from any commercial, so I wasn't taking very detailed notes with more like Lauren stuff. Richard stuff. So Hannelore will send this to this group and then I think really the biggest action is Lauren will.
Send over Jacks.
Yeah.
Confirmation.
Account provisioned yes yes yes yes yes. We usually is going to do it and yes.
Servery made access and in some sequence.
Admin privileges and then we just privileges in JD itself. It's I'll send you more names because there is a. It's also for the configuration of the versions.
There's a different team that's going to do it, so I will send you those people as well, but they won't need the same level of access.
So the functional consultants persistent.
And you just if you include me on that, I'll.
If you guys need anything from me then just let me know. Otherwise I'll let you guys manage it.
How many servers?
We're doing now, you're busy.
Their business services, I think that's just that runs on the different service that runs on the enterprise server. OK, I think that's similar to the IIS servers.
I think at this point it's just two scanman servers.
Jack
OK.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How many GAIL happens? bin Laden said.
Test.
Lauren, do you think it's easy that I just give you all the names? Because after the project there will be support.
And this will probably be different names than the one who are doing the configuration. Do you think it's easier that I give you all the names now?
I think the names that we need right now we're the ones that will be actively involved in the installation and configuration.
The accounts will only have a short duration of them anyway, so even if we had account created for someone who might be providing support, yes.
The account.
Define OK.
OK.
That's that's it for me.
Are you coming back at 10:30?
Yeah, Diane's coming too so I don't know if she's busy.
Big secure OK wait. Thank you very much.
Yeah.
Doesn't have a Skype.
Yeah, sure, I'm just looking. She's really the only she's available.
Everyone else is optional.
Sorry there.
10 thirty 11:30.
Yeah.
I'm a doctor.
Laugh.
What is?
Yeah.
Social.
No. 

invoices that are.
Feeling.
If it's possible to have 100% match I, I think that within our survey we.
We could ask.
I don't, I don't know off hand.
Australia.
Do you know how do you have a number of invoices that can be that have 100% match with a P oh or the receipt? So two way match in three way match.
That are always correct.
From from a certain supplier.
Is there a certain supplier that always this 100% correct?
What is it like this side to invent?
Yeah.
Hello.
But we would.
We
to get match so technically in that sense then yes, everything should be 100% yes.
If you've got it straight from the supplier.
Yeah, so unfortunately there's too many changes with seasonal changes or like nothing. We don't have very many fixed contracts in more variable and that's dependent on climate. Any incidents like this throughout the beat goes out.
Services
It's like.
Or the monkey won 500 race track there always bank right, yeah?
Yeah, sorry.
Are correct.
I was doing it, you matching anyway so.
Correcting it, sending my seat. Technically it should be 100%, Yeah, but not straight away like automatically.
Unfortunately.
Thank you.
OK, so this session is just to maybe do an overview of the JD applications.
That we're using just so you guys, the three of you can see what we're doing, we can.
I don't know who wants to share between Diane Korean, you guys can Duke it out and there may be like dance starts or current starts and then we kind of go to Coreen. You can show your version.
Good morning.
Yeah, and the other point of it is we have the one modification on the tolerances that I want you guys to have a look at and then decide or you know, get some feeling. Feeling yeah and some options on what we can do or best practice. Do we need to get rid of it or keep it like all of those kind of things that we want to get that.
I handle on that before our afternoon session, where we're going to talk more about our tolerances.
So I think we'll just have to display join this meeting at 10:30.
Thing that I hear.
Who?
--- recognition canceled ---
CancellationReason: EndOfStream. ErrorDetails: .Speech recognition: Session stopped event: SessionId: 793daa7ffaff4ae09de03a62a1e03c13..
